Quick sneaky pee in my jeans!

Author: wamfun

*000*2021-07-29 23:58

It's been hard getting a chance to enjoy the warm sexual feeling of letting go in my jeans. My wife and I are both teachers - yes, that's right, I'm a educator that likes to wet my pants! For the last year and a half we've been working from home doing the zoom thing, and for the last two months we've been on Summer vacation. My son is in eight grade and he has been doing the zoom things also. Once, when my wife and child were not home, I wet my jeans in the shower during an evening class while the students were in breakout rooms. I finished the class in my soaked jeans as no one could see me from my shoulders down. I've really been longing to let go.

I find it warm, relaxing, and sexual and I always end up masturbating afterwards! Many times I enjoy holding it for hours on end just thinking I may get the chance, but no - I end up going to the loo and feeling bad when I see how much pee I've wasted. Well today was enough! I sneaked a pair of clothes to change in and let go just outside the side door in my garage! It felt awesome and I even squatted down to let the pee puddle around my ass! The thrill of getting caught was rushing. after that I snapped a few pictures and put my wet shorts up to my face and enjoyed the smell of fresh pee. I then went to the wetlook forum and masturbated to a beautiful woman that I'm friends with. All an all it was a great experience.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*001*2021-07-30 03:13

Oh my - silly me I re wet my jeans this time with my wife around the corner talking to her sister. It felt great. She just left with my son to her sisters house - so maybe one more good wetting!

IMG_1068.mp4

$$

$$

*002*2021-07-30 04:35

And the third time tonight - it was fun......

IMG_1073.mp4

$$

