Station accident

Author: wetchris

*000*2018-05-10 17:08

Last year I returned from a holiday abroad and landed at Gatwick airport and then went to get a train to travel North of London.

But then I discovered that someone had been pushed under train and that everything was at a standstill! Nothing happened for an hour and the problem was that the toilets were back through the ticket barriers. But having been to the toilet after we landed I wasn’t worried.

By the time a train did arrive I was beginning to need a pee but not desperately so. Just as well as there were no toilets on the small local train we had to get.

Then the thing ground to a halt and we were advised that because of the incident a lot of trains were stacked up and we wouldn’t be able to get to the station we had planned to use. Our only option was to get off at the next station and get a taxi to Euston station that hadn’t been affected. By now I was definitely uncomfortable and couldn’t stop thinking about my need to urinate.

Arriving at the next station I was horrified to find no toilets and to add to my anxiousness there were long queues for taxis. As we waited I had to confide in my friend the state I was in and he told me he was in a similar state! After half an hours wait my friend and I got in the taxi but every movement for me was sheer torture and I knew there was every chance I wouldn’t make it.

I’ve never been blessed with a strong bladder and over the years when circumstances have conspired against me I’ve disgraced myself. And now I am in my sixties the ability to hold off for long periods has somewhat diminished.

But I have never been a public wetter and the idea of having an accident in front of a good friend – he’s straight by the way - let alone pissing in the taxi filled me with dread. And it was a dread that made me want to go even more and by now I was intensely worried that I wouldn’t make it to the toilets at Euston.

As we drove through the busy London streets I had reached the stage where I couldn’t keep still and I had to place a shoulder bag over my lap so that I could secretly hold myself through my trousers without being seen. “You really are desperate” said Kevin. So my plight hadn’t been that well hidden. The anxiousness on my face gave it away no doubt and probably the way I was hunched forward with my legs closed together in a vice like grip.

Reaching Euston I gingerly emerged from the taxi and waited while Kevin paid the fare. But as soon as I tried to walk a hot jet of pee went into my briefs and because the material was thin I immediately felt a dribble going down the inside of my leg. Instinctively I grabbed at myself to stop the flow. It caught Kevin’s eye and he encouraged me to hold on.

The next hurdle was getting through the payment turnstiles at the toilets where neither of us had the right change and had to feed a change machine before we could proceed. But all the time I could feel little bursts going and the leg of my trousers growing steadily wetter. I dashed straight into a cubicle and dropped my trousers and made it without a full blown accident.

I don’t think anyone who saw me would realise I had an accident but Kevin certainly knew but was very understanding and supportive for which I was grateful.

