Desperate during the new Batman

Author: wetting_fan

*000*2022-03-15 00:43

So I'm two hours in to the new Batman and at an 8 right now... I started the movie already having to go reallyyyy bad. I also bought a large soda that's halfway empty... No bathroom breaks otherwise I'll miss the movie and there's an hour left. Ughh I'm holding myself tight under my hoodie but no leaks yet, this feels wayyy too good. I'm just gona keep holding even if I make it til the end, I want to have an accident tonight soo bad x]

*005*2022-03-15 23:47

So yea I ended up having an actual leak before the end... there was a spot about the size of a quarter on my pants. It was seriously amazing, tbh. I'm the kind of guy where it just feels better the longer I hold, so I made sure to push it this time. I had the rest of the soda after making my first post. I could barely focus on the movie at this point, just the thought of how I was going to just keep holding was sending me racing.

The moment that I reached 10/10 was perfectly timed toward the very last 15 minutes, it couldn't have gone better. I remember it clearly - I got a strong bladder spasm, but no leaks. The quiver from it was intense and made me feel like I was actually going to have an accident if I kept holding (omg - such an epic feeling). I kept holding myself when it happened again - this time it felt way more intense and I could feel that something had finally escaped. Despite my grip, a jet of piss shot right into my tight briefs. I was able to use my muscles to clamp the flow, but I wasn't sure if it would happen again. Not wanting to wet the seat, I bolted to the bathroom right after the closing scene. I ended up having a ton more fun where I tried to stop the flow multiple times, ughhh the shivers from that were also amazing. Overall great experience, highly recommended since a movie will take your attention. Show up already having to go and literally just don't go to the bathroom.

*Let me note that I had been practicing all day to get to that point, as it would have been nearly impossible otherwise.

