Pressing on a female's bladder and becoming desperate

Author: willbill

*000*2023-10-16 18:15

Have any females had it happen (or anyone experienced seeing this) in getting bumped or pressed in the bladder area when needing to pee - resulting in becoming instantly desperate and either barely being able to hold it or actually peeing themselves?

This ends up happening to my wife on certain occasions throughout the years, as something happened where she ended up getting bumped in the bladder and immediately started squirming, doing a pee pee dance, and to running off to the bathroom. One time she even ended up soaking herself completely with this, as she already had to pee as we were both making something to eat in the kitchen. I jokingly tried to tickle her but accidentally pressed on her bladder in the process. She exclaimed out that I pressed her bladder and started crossing her legs right there and said "shit. I can't hold it. I'm peeing", then "you made me pee myself" as she stood there just soaking everything down to the floor. Nobody else was home at that point, so it was an easy clean-up, but well worth it because it was hot as hell.

*006*2023-10-29 11:22

{{On 10/28/2023 at 12:55 AM, cwpee said:

EXACT same thing with my wife. Whats funny is it's usually the cat hopping on top of her (it's his thing to climb on us so we will pet him). Happens at least once a week.

Another related thing: we will have sex in the morning occasionally. If I wake up first, I can try to get her going before her morning pee. Sometimes she will jump up and run to the bathroom as soon as I wake her, but usually she won't say anything until I'm inside her, at which point she starts panicking and begging me to hurry up. Naturally, I do whatever I can to put extra pressure on her bladder (unless she says not to, obviously).

}}

Is she always able to hold it or are there any situations where she was actually trying to hold it and couldn't - all the way from leaking a bit to fully losing control?

