Train station leaks

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-07-02 19:46

This past weekend i was taking the train home from a festival and had my second unplanned wetting that weekend (technically 3rd, but one was just some dribbles in my shorts while dancing in a club after I had flooded my pants and changed). I was sitting on the train and had been drinking a lot of water as I was beginning to get a sore throat. By the time my train neared my station I had probably downed about 1.5 litres. I have overactive bladder, so when I feel the urge it comes in strong waves that are difficult to control, let alone hide on my face. I was glad to be wearing my mask lol. As wave after wave hit, I started to think about using the bathroom on the train, but I realized if I did I could chance missing my stop, as it was next.

So I waited, and felt a few spurts hit the inside of my denim shorts on the train seat. My stop was announced, so I stood up and this time felt a few trickles warm the crotch of my jeans and dampen my inner thighs. I hastily tied a jean jacket low around my waist, hoping to cover the definitely wet ass of my shorts. A few people gave me some pointed looks and it definitely looked a little suspicious, but better than walking through the train in pissed pants lol. When I got off the platform, I planned to make a beeline for the toilets, when I realized the train had left us at a different track than usual and I was completely turned around. I walked down the stairs to the underground inside part of the station, feeling some more trickles escape with no warning at all and a few drops hit my shoes. I was wet and I was lost, but secretly I was kinda having a good time. The underground part of the station was completely deserted and my jean jacket was covering well enough.

Realizing that I needed to find a different exit, I made my way back up to the platforms and sat down on a bench, as sitting down usually helps me hold by putting some pressure on my vulva. It was then that someone else from the train came up to talk to me and engaged me in what felt like the longest conversation ever about where the main station was, what track was this, bla bla bla. I tried to help her, but my bladder was screaming and I was hyper aware of my wet shorts against the bench. Eventually I politely got rid of her, but not before she tried to get me to lead her to the main station. My jean jacket definitely wasn't working THAT well.

As soon as she left, the relief hit me like a ton of bricks... in more ways than one. I realized there was no one around, and I was bursting badly enough that I had 2 options: I would either piss myself involuntarily walking to the main station where it would likely be more noticeable or I could do it right here on this bench. So just like that, I relaxed and flooded my denim shorts. I heard the pee splatter down through the bench, which had a kind of mesh metal pattern. It felt deliciously warm as it streamed down my legs and I even got some more trickles into my shoes! It was a squelchy walk back to the main station, but thankfully I only passed one or two people and was able to change into clean pants before making my way home.

Today I'm rewetting those shorts around the house. Already bursting and about to drink a cup of green tea...

*001*2022-07-04 05:08

Does anyone want to hear the story of my other unplanned wetting that weekend? It was at the festival, surrounded by a lot of people...

*004*2022-07-04 20:42

Okay, the story of my first unplanned wetting this weekend. I was at a festival, somewhat late at night, with a good friend. We had been drinking beer and we had also been sharing a large mixed drink in a 1.5 litre water bottle. We were both pretty drunk, the music was great, and we were having a fantastic time, but all those liquids were starting to catch up to me and I could feel a growing pleasant pressure in my bladder. My friend wasn't showing any signs of desperation yet - figures - I have an overactive bladder so I always feel it first and worse. 

At this point in the evening, we had just finished hearing a concert and had headed to a busy street that was closed off for the festival, which was packed with people queuing up to get into clubs or dancing in small street parties outside. I tried to hold on a little because I knew my friend - lets call her Sarah - wanted to get into a club. But soon I felt the first wave of desperation hit me and I felt a couple drops escape. Nothing major, just enough to dampen my underwear, but enough to make me alert Sarah that I needed to find a bathroom.

This next part is going to sound like an omo cliche - I'm aware because as it was happening that was the first thing I thought: is this actually for real? We asked if I could use the bathroom at an A&W, it was closed. At a Wendy's: closed. Starbucks: not available unless you bought something. I considered it, but I was worried I could lose control in the line inside and I told Sarah that, so we kept looking. We tried a convenience store but they didn't even have a washroom (they probably just didn't want us to use it). It seemed that literally establishment we tried had closed their bathrooms for the festival weekend, a real smart move when there would be tons of people drinking alcohol and getting desperate. So Sarah decided we should try a club with a shorter line, even though it wasn't the one we wanted to go to. Since it was an emergency, she thought maybe I could just go in, use the washroom and then find the club we wanted to go to after.

The line was shorter than most of the other clubs, but it was still a good 15 or 20 minutes, and I started feeling more and more of the telltale waves of intense desperation that come with overactive bladder. I was drunk, so I was having a hard time hiding them on my face and in my body language, and with each wave, I felt my sphincter get a little closer to giving up. On the next wave, I resolved myself to release a few trickles into my pants, just to ease off the pressure. I waited, chatting with Sarah, and like clockwork, the familiar wave hit. 

Perhaps overreacting to the promise of what I was about to do, I felt my tired sphincter give up and the floodgates release all on their own. Splash, my bladder released all at once, filling my underwear, flooding my dark cargo pants, and streaming right down my legs into my shoes. Thankfully, the music and the din of people talking all around us in the crowd was quite loud, so Sarah somehow didn't hear the flood of me pissing my pants, RIGHT beside her. The people in line behind us must have seen though, because those cargo pants glisten like nobody's business when wet, and there were definitely streams splashing onto the concrete for a solid several seconds.

Realizing there was no point in hiding the obvious, I nudged Sarah and giggled,

"I just peed my pants". Just matter of fact. What else was I supposed to say? It was obvious enough if you looked and it would be more embarrassing if I didn't just own it.

I distinctly remember her asking, "like a lot or a little". Well it was supposed to be a little... "Let's just say I don't have to pee at all anymore".

Her eyes got wide and she laughed again, looking down to examine my wet pants. She never looked disgusted or grossed out, just amused. "I bet if you told them you pissed yourself they'd let you jump the line and go in to change," she suggested.

"Yeah I'm not gonna do that," I laughed.

We decided to just leave the line and make our way back through the busy crowd, me in my soaked cargo pants, toward the club we had been wanting to go to. It was a half hour wait, but I assured Sarah I didn't mind as long as I got to change eventually. It was dark, my pants were dark, and most people were drunk and totally consumed with themselves, so nobody paid attention. The cooling pee against the night breeze felt lovely on my legs and crotch and I was able to change when we got into the club. I had come prepared and brought a pair of short, loose black shorts - these ones quick dry. We'd been drinking more in the line though, and some water too to stay hydrated, so those shorts didn't stay dry for long. I wouldn't have left a mess for people to slip in/clean up in the club, but I did release enough dribbles in my shorts while dancing throughout the night to nicely dampen my bum and since the shorts were loose, some streaks escaped onto my thighs.

As the night wore on, Sarah ended up kissing me and once my shorts had dried a bit, we danced with our bodies pressed together. I don't know if she was into me wetting, or just didn't think it was a big deal, but we certainly didn't let it put a damper (haha) on a great night.

