Skating home soaked

Author: WetConverse

*000*2020-08-15 05:53

This is my first story here and I don't think that I'm very good at writing so hope you still like it.

Last Saturday I went to an nearby lake to spend the afternoon chilling in the sun and go swimming. I had a great time with my friends there. It was pretty warm so I drank a lot the whole time.

When it started to get dark I really had to pee pretty strong already :P. But instead of searching for an toilet I decided to just go in my pants on my way home on my longboard. After an 15min ride I reached a nice bride and stopped there to look at the water below. The sound of the creek below was just so "relaxing" and the bladder pressure was starting to get uncomfortable....

I just relaxed right there. The pee rushed into my boxershorts and down my back jeans filling up my trashed converse. The feeling was soooo relaxing and nice...

Once the flow stopped I stayed there for some minutes looking at the water and enjoying the feeling.

After that I jumped back on my board and rode the rest of the way home

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*005*2020-08-16 05:43

Thanks for all the comments, I think I'll write more stories if something interesting happens

*011*2020-08-20 14:53

{{15 hours ago, miamiclubkid said:

Do you do a lot of skating with your bladder really full from drinking a lot? you should write about your experiences skating with your bladder full.

}}

I go skating with a really full bladder sometimes. But only if I plan to pee soon. I don't like it if it gets painful....

*014*2020-08-25 11:31

{{On 8/21/2020 at 6:09 AM, trekkie said:

You are so much braver than me, lol.

}}

I don't know... I really care less lately..

