Sneaky wet leggings in public

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2021-08-24 09:51

I have been wanting to do a sneaky wetting in public for a while, but I am NOT interested in being seen or noticed at all, so I’ve always chickened out.

Today I decided to just go for it! I was going for a run, and I know from experience that my leggings hardly show any wetness. I’ve never wet in them before, but I’ve been plenty sweaty in them, and they’re basically sweat camouflage.

I even did a tiny dribble before I went out, both to reassure myself that it wouldn’t show, and to put myself in the right mood, so to speak.

It was a new experience to start a run with wet fabric touching my delicate areas! Very naughty. The run itself was uneventful, but on my cool-down walk I tried to let some out. Turns out I can’t actually pee while moving, so I stopped to “stretch”. While leaning on a lamppost, I was able to relax my muscles enough to let it flow. And WHAT. A. RUSH!!!

I actually spurted a bit more forcefully than I had intended and had a moment of panic when I couldn’t immediately pinch off the flow! It kept going for a couple of seconds longer than I planned. I was only going for a sneaky wet spot right at my crotch — a little tiny leak — but instead I could feel the wetness run about a third of the way down both thighs.

I didn’t dare look down! There was nobody nearby, but I didn’t want to draw any attention to myself, in case it was very visible. While I was approaching my door, my neighbor waved at me from around 50 feet away, and I made like the Madagascar penguins, “just smile and wave!”, acutely aware of the wetness between my legs that I was hoping was not too visible.

Heart hammering, I made it inside and was relieved to find that it was almost impossible to spot the wetness, thank God! I could barely see it myself, knowing exactly where the outline was, so it would have been impossible for anyone else to see.

Holy crap, what an amazing feeling, though! I wet my pants in public (a little, at least), and got away with it!

I think I’ll probably want to do that again…

*002*2021-08-24 12:36

{{1 hour ago, Jekkil said:

Where you desperate?

}}

Not even a little bit. I emptied my bladder completely before the run. Desperation is not my thing anyway, and I didn't want any additional risk factors to potentially being seen. I was just going for a sneaky leak for the thrill of it.

