Pee shy accident

Author: wetchris

*000*2024-03-23 18:06

A few weeks ago I had a bad accident in front of a friend due to my problems with being pee shy.

I had agreed to help a guy who is a landscape gardener and we had to spend a couple of hours at this property. We had lunch first at a cafe and I had two cups of tea.

It was cold and that would eventually fuel my need to urinate. Sometimes my pal Kevin knows the householder and often gets invited to have refreshments and the opportunity to use the toilet. But on this day the woman wasn't at home.

I asked Kevin if we would be finishing soon and explained I needed to pee. H said he wouldn't be long and said to go behind a tree if I was that desperate. I declined because I knew I would have trouble urinating with someone close by. Even in a public toilet I have to go into a cubicle. So I told him I would be okay and just struggled on.

As we were packing up I was at about 8/10and I was worried about how long the journey back would take. " Think I might just have that quick pee, " I exclaimed and drifted into the bushes as far away from him as I could. I'd just whipped it out when I heard a dog barking and the kitchen lights went on. The owner was back and now there was no way I could empty my very full bladder.

I zipped up quickly. " Too late chum you should have gone earlier. We'll be back in 15 minutes, " said Kevin. The problem was that because we had finished later the traffic was much heavier than usual. As we slowly drove along I was now at a 9/10 and really concerned that I wouldn't hold it in.

Kevin was giggling because of my plight and said his little boy could hold it better than me. That didn't help! I just couldn't keep still but was resisting that real urge to squeeze my cock through my jeans. Then disaster struck and a small jet of pee went into my boxers.

I forgot my embarrassment and instinctively grabbed at my privates through my jeans and dare not let go. "Bloody hell mate ... just hold it!" said Kevin. "I'm trying to I exclaimed," as more piss escaped and I could feel the wetness.

"I'll try and find somewhere to pull over," said Kevin. But we were in a residential area and it was difficult. At least I knew my pee shy would not be a problem now. I somehow held it in for another few minutes and Kevin drew into my road. Then an excruciating pain hit my bladder and I just lost control and peed in my jeans. I squeezed my legs tightly together to stop it soaking through to my bottom and the seat but it was not very effective.

Kevin was very sympathetic and told me not to worry. He actually confessed that he had done it once waiting for the toilets at a concert which mad me feel better

