Filling my bladder till I burst!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-08-20 21:46

Simple idea for a lovely Sunday hold today-filling my bladder until I burst. I was in the mood for some rapid desperation today, however I don't quite have the time for the buildup stage, which takes 1.5-2 hours minimum before you get to start holding.

So I'm still doing the amount of water I drink for rapid desperation (12 ounces = 355 ml) and drinking it every 15 minutes, as with the end stage of rapid desperation. But instead I'm holding from the start and just continuing to fill up until I'm desperate and can't hold it anymore.

Here goes!

About to have my second 355 ml drink

Also started this with a small urge to pee already (3-4/10) for some added ✨spice✨

*001*2023-08-20 22:23

I've had 4 355ml drinks now (1420 ml) and one small leak so far after the third drink. Changed into dry undies and shorts and have been holding steadily since

Someone in my dms challenged me to have another 500ml as punishment for leaking though, so I'm about to get really desperate soon

*002*2023-08-20 22:28

Sipping the 500ml now. Bladder's at a 7/10 in between desperate waves

*004*2023-08-20 22:33

{{1 minute ago, brown4182004 said:

What are your desperate plans for tonight?

}}

Just getting as desperate as I can and holding as long as I can until I burst and wet myself involuntarily!

*006*2023-08-20 22:35

I did have a kind of daring idea for something sort of hidden in public:

I was thinking about going out for a walk with an incontinence pad and black pants and try to hold through the walk or wet myself a little while out walking

I'm not sure I'll do it today though

I might do it later at night sometime, we'll see

{{Just now, brown4182004 said:

Are you planning more holds after this one for tonight?

}}

We'll see! if I fill up again from all the water I've drank, maybe

*008*2023-08-20 22:53

{{15 minutes ago, brown4182004 said:

By the way, should you record anything tonight?

}}

I don't post videos

*010*2023-08-20 23:35

I had a bunch of spurts and leaks and my legs were literally shaking in between trying to stop them but I peed quite a bit! Now back to about a 6.5/10 (from a 9/10) and gonna keep holding and see if my bladder fills back up again

*012*2023-08-20 23:52

{{6 minutes ago, MeAndYou said:

Hi there, seems like you're having fun. Why don't you do tha same you did before, and drink some more as a punishment for leaking? Maybe someting like energy drinks. But this is just a suggestion, do as you like. Your hold, your rules 🙂

}}

I don't really like energy drinks, too much caffeine gives me the jitters. I was thinking about having more to drink to fill my bladder back up but I ended up losing control and fully releasing my bladder before I could get to it!

Sitting in a very warm puddle right now

*014*2023-08-20 23:56

{{1 minute ago, MeAndYou said:

Wow, must feel nice! Anyway, the fun only begins now. Your bladder should be farily weak right now, so good luck holding it

}}

We shall see

*016*2023-08-21 00:00

Bladder bulge before and after (I drank 1920ml of water)

&&

&&

{{3 minutes ago, MeAndYou said:

Yeah hahaha. Are you about to go to bed? Because if so you could consider placing something on the sheets so you don't wet them. (Obviously if you don't feel like answering me don't, i don't want to bother you)

}}

Its still early evening where I live. If I decide to do any more pee play later I'll update the thread though! and yes I have 2 very good quality mattress protectors in case haha



