So much for planning

Author: wetchris

*000*2019-06-15 09:40

As an older guy I have suffered from bladder problems for a number of years. But just recently I have had to take medication which particularly in the mornings causes me to get desperate quickly.

As a result if I am driving any distance I try to stick to a route where I know facilities will be at hand if I need them. Garages, fast food restaurants, public toilets etc.

Last week I had a three hour journey to make and carefully planned things. I sometimes wear adult incontinence pads just in case but I find them bulky and uncomfortable and try not to.

So on this day I just had briefs under my jeans.

I had only been travelling half an hour when I quickly developed an urgent need to pee. But I wasn't too worried as I knew where some public toilets were next to a snack bar in a rest area.

As I approached I noticed that the 'P' parking signs had been removed and to my horror I found that the toilets had been closed and huge sheets of metal covered the entrance doors.

The desperation immediately intensified but I had no option but to drive on to my next "planned" stop.

I knew of a garage that had toilets and it was only 20 minutes away. But it was an agonising drive that required me to squeeze myself through my jeans to hold it in. Even so a couple of bursts did escape and wet my briefs before I could make the garage. As I pulled up there was a sharp stabbing pain and this time I felt my self pissing into my underwear and onto my jeans before I could regain control. Thankfully I didn't lose complete control or I would have wet the seat.

I hobbled into the garage only to find it was one unisex toilet that was already occupied. I just had to stand there, legs tight together and a constant grab of my penis through my already wet jeans to prevent a flood. Somehow I held on and managed to let the rest go in the toilet.

Managed to get these pictures to record the event! Love pissing myself in the comfort of my own home but not in public!

&&

&&

