My first omorashi experience

Author: Wolfie

*000*2011-06-12 03:24

As some of you may know I'm new to omorashi (because I never wet myself before), but I wanted to give it a go. So this is a little story about how I wet myself today. :)

I woke up today at about 10am. My dad was going away somewhere for 2 hours and I just got up after he left. Last night I told myself that tomorrow I'm gonna wet myself, so I drunk 3 glasses of water to help build up my bladder. But the next morning came and it was empty, and I couldn't pee if my life depended on it! I must've sweated out all the water while I was asleep.

Anyway, I got up and drank 2 more full glasses a water and a cup of tea to go with it. I still had 2 hours before dad came back so I jumped on the computer and waited for the need to go. But my mother soon got up.

Now my parents are pretty straight-forward and don't like odd things like people peeing themselves. Mum in particular also has a very suspicious nature and she tends to suspect me doing things, even if I never do them!

Anyway, I had to find a way to wet myself without her finding out. The shower seemed like a good choice, because I could quickly clean up, and the laundry was practically next door.

30 minutes before dad was due back, I told my mum that I was having a shower and went into the bathroom. I was still in my pyjamas, which meant I was wearing pants, underwear, and a simple t-shirt. So once in the shower I sit down with my legs in front of me. It was now or never!

But I couldn't let it out immediately. I was too nervous at this point! My pants were still dry so there was still a chance I could avoid the risk of being caught. But I already made up my mind that I was going to do this.

Yet still, the nerves were still getting to me! I was holding, releasing, holding, releasing.... like I still couldn't make up my mind. But eventually the pressure began to come and it felt harder to hold on. This is it!

I release myself and to my surprise there actually was 'a sweet relief', even though I wasn't that desperate (maybe at a 6 or a 7). My clothes quickly soak up with a nice warm feeling and pee begins to trickle towards the drain. But suddenly it makes a loud gurgling noise as it drips down the drain. I quickly hold back, worried that my mother will hear it.

That's another thing I hate about my house. Everything echos in the house, and you can easily hear noises from the other side of the room. I was actually worried that my mother would storm in thinking I'm pouring some chemicals down the drain, or something.

Anyway, I decide to go for broke and release again, hoping that she doesn't hear. My pants start leaking again and it actually felt really nice and relaxing. Even after I emptied myself I felt like just sitting there for awhile, but I knew I couldn't. I had to start the shower before mum would get suspicious.

My pants and underwear were completely soaked. And after I had a shower I started getting worried with how I would deal with the wet clothes. My mother has a habit of separating clothes before she puts them in the washing, so I'm worried that they will be discovered, even if i wrap them up or hide them in other clothes. In the end I just plonked them in the basket and hoped for the best. Maybe I could say the cat peed on it...

But wow.... my first time. It surprisingly felt alot better than I thought it would. I'm thinking of trying it again when both my parents are out and I'm alone. I think I'll try the bath next, and sitting on my legs for a change. And if I can find a way with dealing with the wet clothes, I'd be eager to try it more often.

*002*2011-06-12 06:38

Well I guess only time will tell if she finds out in the end. She'll probably do the laundry in about a week (she already done it the day before), so I hope they're all dried out by then.

