Today's Driving While Desperate

Author: wettingman

*000*2021-08-17 04:01

Because sometimes I drink too much before setting out on the three hour ride between home and camp I need to pee at the halfway point. There is a service area there that I will sometimes need to stop and pee at. Today was one of those days. But a few weeks ago the state started a 15 month remolding project and it was closed. I knew this but figured I would be ok, as I have never peed myself while driving, or even in the car. By the two hour mark my bladder was quite full, and my need to pee had increased significantly. I knew I likely would have trouble getting into the house dry.

With a half hour to go I was feeling really desperate. My bladder was bulging against my loose fitting sweats, and there was strong pressure in my penis. But I never have peed while driving, I would be fine. But, with ten minutes to go the pressure in my dick felt like my pee started feeling like it was going to come out. I wiggled around so I could squeeze my legs together with my penis between them, while driving. Perhaps sensing relief was coming soon, my bladder started spasming as I started down my road, one mile to go. 

Fearing I was actually going to wet in the car, I used my left hand to tightly grab my throbbing dick. Pee was pressing hard on my pee hole. I skipped checking the mail, knowing I would lose control if I stood up. As I pulled up in front of my home the need to pee got even more intense. I was unsure if I would even make it out of the car. While putting the car in “park”, I spurted, my black pants glistening with pee wetness before I got my seatbelt undone. Although not a lot, I had actually peed myself while driving for the first time in my life

I quickly exited the car and totally lost control as I entered my yard leaving my things in the car for now. I fumbled with my phone trying to disarm my motion sensing cameras as pee ran down my legs soaking my feet and sandals. With my bladder about half empty, I regained control. These pants are not very absorbent so, while wet most of my pee escaped onto the ground. Feeling a bit naughty, and having already wet myself I just let the rest out at my door step.

I realized that since I was wearing black pants I decided to bring my stuff in from the car and walk down to check the mail in my wet pants.

Since my pants didn’t absorb much of my large amount of pee, I decided to keep them on as they dried. I turned on my computer and took care of some financial business. Then I came here already needing to pee and began reading posts and watching videos. A few hours had past. My need to pee was slowly increasing when I came upon Princess Peach’s Road trip fun. I re-watched the video of her peeing hard and long in a park. This stimulation brought my need to pee to the very edge of wetting my pants-again. I quickly grabbed myself but it didn’t help much. I stood to walk to the bathroom, but I didn’t get far, and my pee came gushing out. Since as I said my pants didn’t hold much, pee just ran down my leg, causing a puddle on the floor. Fortunately there was a towel nearby. I dropped it on the floor and relaxed, letting my bladder empty in my pants, and the towel.

