Desperate at the beach!

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2021-03-14 19:49

Ok so here is a story from a few years ago, before COVID.

So one day I am on vacation enjoying the beach and all the sun there was! I have the urge to pee and thought "eh whatever." So lets fast forwards a bit. Im still out on the beach and Im starting to really need to go. Like bad enough I am starting to get a "pee-belly" which is super embarrassing since I am out here in a bikini and thats way too noticeable! It became time to take care of this. Now I am not exactly an open "pee-er" I have never even peed outside before but I didnt really want to walk back to where I was staying so I thought maybe this was a good time to try it.

So I get up and wade into the water. Once I got to a certain point I tired to let it out. Nothing!! My bladder was locked down. Now I was standing and I sometimes have a hard time peeing standing even in the shower. (i think its a mental thing tbh) so I tried to wade around a bit further out where I could "squat"

Still nothing!

Defeated I walk back to my spot on the beach. I figured I could hold it. After all my desperation was not exactly "urgent" since my bladder is on lockdown mode! After a little bit my urge is becoming wayyy to noticeable for me and I couldn't take my mind off of it. So I try to pee where I am on the beach (like pee through my suit). shouldnt be too hard to hide right? Well no matter how hard i tried I couldnt pee!! I had to do something though because my belly was starting to look a little pregnant and I was becoming too sub conscience about it.

So I told the people I was with that I had enough sun for the day and grabbed my stuff and started walking back. Nobody seemed to notice my stomach luckily!

I get back to the place and walk into the bathroom and as soon as I close the door my bladder "unlocks" I didnt pee but the urge become a million times worse and i felt like I was going to have an accident 4 ft from the toilet!! So I hurry over and sit down as fast as I could. I didn't even get my bikini bottoms off. Instead I peed full force through them....

After what felt like ages I finished peeing and since I was wet from the shower (washed the sand off me before going back in) It was not noticeable at all that I had peed through it! Not that it mattered anyway since I decided to change.

Hopefully you guys liked that! its not super exciting but it something! I have alot of stories that I want to tell but am trying to space them out. Feel free to ask any questions if you want more details 🙂

*002*2021-03-14 20:25

I cant go if somebody can see me. I was hoping I could on this day but nope!

