Peeing My Shorts While Walking

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-12-05 22:36

Last night I was pushing my toddler in her pram in repeated laps around my block so she'd go to sleep. Like every night. :p

Except that last night I forgot to pee before we left the house and I'd been drinking a lot more water than usual because I have a cold. Usually when I do this it's a bit annoying because I have to take her back inside so I can pee and that wakes her up again so the whole thing takes that much longer. But last night I was feeling a bit naughty and decided I wouldn't go back inside and I'd just see whether or not I could hold on until she went to sleep. With the clear intention of having an "accident" in the event I didn't have an accident.

I was wearing a pair of black shorts, which can go either way in terms of how visible wet patches are, so I was cautiously optimistic that even if I ran into a neighbour taking out their bin or something as long as I wasn't in mid-pee at the time it wouldn't be noticeable. I was wearing thongs, or flip-flops, so I wasn't worried about damaging my shoes.

It took toddler about forty-five minutes to go to sleep. By this stage I was legitimately busting and wasn't 100% sure I'd make it to the toilet even if I wanted to. Which I didn't. Once I was sure she was deep enough to not wake up again I started looking for a good place to wet myself on the way home. A dark area of the footpath underneath a few trees twenty meters ahead looked promising.

But, of course, the moment I decided I was going to pee in twenty meters time I was suddenly unable to hold it for another two meters and started peeing myself full force in the brightly lit part of the footpath. It was likely a sudden waterfall down my legs! Worse luck, as I looked around I noticed someone out on their veranda across the street. I just kept walking until I reached the shadows. By which point I was empty. I looked back casually at my fifteen meter trail of pee. I probably left footprints and drips a bit further but by the time I was back under a streetlight there were no more marks on the pavement.

Once I got home I dried my feet on the front lawn and put my flip-flops in the bottom of the pram so I wouldn't track pee in the house. Where they still are! Damn it! I popped toddler in bed and went to the bathroom for a shower. Those shorts do in fact show when you pee in them very clearly. So I won't pee in those again. :p

*004*2017-12-07 00:58

{{On 12/6/2017 at 10:08 AM, Hurdyra said:

Wonderful. Thanks for posting!

}}

{{On 12/6/2017 at 10:59 AM, BlueWetter said:

Great story and wetting! Sounds quite fun and warm..

}}

{{16 hours ago, Manowar said:

That was exciting story. Thanks for sharing. And point for you - at least you did not have anybody to explain why are you wet...

}}

Thanks y'all! And yes. I picked a time when no one would notice :) Fun fact. Last night I ran into a couple of people right near my house as I was just going inside. Thank goodness that didn't happen the night I was wet!

*006*2017-12-07 01:07

{{Just now, BlueWetter said:

For sure! That could have been quite awkward.. "Hi, don't mind me, just totally peed my shorts"

}}

I know right! I'm fairly sure they had been drinking, they made surprised comments that I had a pram out quite late to each other which was a bit tactless. So I'm reasonably sure they would have made some sort of comment about my shorts as well. I'm feeling like that might have been a one time peeing incident!

*010*2017-12-07 12:53

{{11 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

Maybe you could wear a long dress next time..

}}

Maybe. I kind of suck at wetting myself in long dresses. I get that in theory I should be able to pee down the inside of my legs and otherwise stay dry, but for whatever reason I always seem to get the dress wet.

{{2 hours ago, GreenChile said:

Great story, love that you couldn't hold it until you got to the spot you wanted...

}}

I knew that would happen actually! I kept telling myself not to decide where I was going to pee until I was already there. At least it didn't really make much difference.

{{2 minutes ago, Manowar said:

You mean you'll stop wetting youself? Or just not to do that outside?

In my place it is said that once a frog promisedthat it never ever again jump into the mud. But just after rain it was first who did it...

I'm just joking. Maybe I did not understand everything properly...

}}

Not period! :p Just maybe not outside. Or at least not wearing clothes that will show.

*018*2017-12-11 12:58

{{2 hours ago, Dunney said:

There was a comment from Patches on her site some years back to the effect that she found the fashion for long dresses when she was at university very useful. She could stand on the grass and wet herself, and she also campaigned against smoking by straddling the corridor ashtrays and filling them with pee via her panties.

It seems that it is possible to pee in a long dress and keep it dry. It's the only time I've ever wanted to wear female clothing.

}}

It's definitely possible for some women. Maybe even for me if I practiced and worked out what I was doing wrong! I suspect tights would help but it's really hot where I live, particularly at the moment, and tights don't agree with me anyway.

I do have a long skirt that is light enough to wear even now and has the unusual property of not getting wet. I've been considering playing around with that one. :)

