Complete and Total Panty Wetting: my attempt!

Author: waffle

*000*2024-04-18 21:41

I saw a post by @PattyWets

A couple days ago that set off my imagination. For those not in the know the challenge she set up for herself was to see how wet she could get a pair of panties she was wearing, with her pee, without removing the panties.

This was something I wanted to try out, so on a cold morning on a wednesday I set my mind to it. I had already used the bathroom once after waking up, so first on the agenda was to down lots of liquids to get myself ready to pee.

I downed about a liter of water and made myself a large cup of tee. For clothes I picked ones similar to what was mentioned in the original post. A large black teeshirt I had slept in and a pair of grey panties from my dirty clothes hamper. The panties were "brazilian cut" and high waisted.

After about an hour I started feeling the familiar urge growing. But it still wasn't enough to fully release into my panties.

I filled up my 1 L water bottle again and took a couple of long sips from it. Then I sat down on my kitchen floor with my legs appart and waited. After a while I started feeling a familiar twitching and then a feeling of warmth spreading under my bum.

I then layed down on my back, closed my eyes and released another small stream, stopping once I could feel the wamth spreading to the waistband of my panties.

After all that the release took enough pressure of my bladder I momentarily couldn't feel the need to pee anymore. At that point I stood back up admired my progress in the mirrors, browsed my phone and drank more water.

Once I could feel the urge grow again I layed down on the floor again and released a small torrent of pee. I realised by that moment that I should probably continue the challenge in the bathroom for the ease of clean up.

I took some photos and moved into the bathroom. I lied down one the side I hadn't wet yet. Unfortunately I found out that the slightly angled floor of the bathroom prevented the pee from pooling under me. And the hard tile floor started feeling very uncomfortable very quickly.

So off I went to drink more water and then released more pee into my panties once again on the floor of my kitchen/livingroom. Then lying on my stomach I released one last small stream of pee into my panties.

Seeing the progress and feeling my cunt aching from the constant release and holding it didn't take me much to work myself into a mind blowint "o" and then quickly releasing the rest of my flood into my now very soaking panties.

I then took some pictures, hurried to a shower, changed clothes, mopped up the floors and rushed to Uni for my afternoon lecture.

&&

&&

&&

&&

