Ever wet yourself on a bench?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-07-26 04:43

As the title says, has anyone here ever wet yourself on a bench (in public, but obviously somewhere slightly secluded). I've wet on a metal bench with slats but always thought it would be really hot to watch it splatter down below a wooden bench and leave a puddle behind soaking into the wood. I'm normally of the opinion to not leave a mess for others to clean up but I don't really feel that way about park benches, don't think anyone cleans them anyway.

Share your stories please!

*002*2022-07-26 19:40

{{11 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

My latest story happened a few weeks ago. I was out with one of my friend having a few drinks at the river bank. We were having a really good time together in the sunset. When it was getting dark she told me it was time to pee. I agreed, but the public toilet at the bar nearby was quite busy and dirty. (actually she was really desperate, when she stood up, she noted that it hurts a little and almost came out). 

She looked really shy about peeing in public, but I tried to offer solutions her ideas like, she could find a safe place in the bushes, go to the dirty toilet (ofc it wasn’t an option for her) or do that right in front of us, noone would see anyway, but she refused. She was wearing a long skirt so I gave her an idea to just squat and just pee, she didn’t even need to pull down her panties, for which she gave me the most surprising and unexpected answer: “That is a good idea, could be a nice feeling…” and gave me a naughty smile…This little convo made my heart run like a racehorse, my love for omo kicked the door and I got rockhard…but still she chose the dirty toilet. So sad…

In the meantime I went to the bushes to do my thing…after that we continued to talk about everyday things while a few more glasses went off. We really enjoyed our conversations, but no more pee related stuff came up until we were about to leave. Needless to say both of us were a little tipsy by that time…and we both had to pee again.

I mentioned my needs and she replied the same.

Me: How bad?

Her: Not too bad, I think I will take it home…

Me: Okay, challenge accepted. I will take it home too.

So we packed our stuff and left. Our walk was about 15-20mins, but beeing a bit drunk it was definitely longer. As we walked we stopped from time to time, but did not say a word. I let her have the first call.

My payers have been heard she asked to slow down because she needs to pee so bad that she can’t hold the pace…however we’ve been alredy walking quite slow, but okay let’s slow down a little more - what more I could ask for? I told her that slowing don’t would make us wait even more, but she does not seem to mind. We were walking really slow, she was holding her belly which now was an obvious bulge and I was holding myself as well…I don’t know whether she noticed my excitement but we went on like this for a few minutes.

(I was really nervous. I did not plan to wet myself in front of her, even though I imagined many times. Yes, this was not our first hold during walks to home, but this time it was totally different, she seemed to be in the game too…)

So, In the meantime, I was really close to the edge, focusint her body language did not help at all. I felt like I leaked a little and had stop to grab myself.

Her: What happened?

Me: Maybe I leaked a little…

She giggled a bit then tried to encourage me to hold and move on, since she could be in the same situation as I was already in…from then on we were only talking about pee related stuff. I asked her out on her attitude to holding and wetting. The whole conversation was super exciting. I got to know she have never wet herself before, but wouldn’t really mind to be her first time there.

We managed to reach her block without any serious damage. She lived on the nineth floor. We stopped at the elevator. During the wait, she mentioned how bad her need grew since we entered the main hall. I leaked again, and this time it was a bigger one. I felt my undies go warm and wet. The elevator arrived. I asked her whether I could go up with here to her door to say good bye and to ised their toilet of course. But she did not let me enter the elevator…and told me to hold till I got home. As the elevator door closed I let out another spurt, which now completely soaked my undies, went right through them and spalshed on the floor. I froze…I have never done anything like this before and hope she did not here the sound of the pee hitting the floor…I left for the final walk of struggle.

I live on the other side of the street, really close to her place. However the main door is on the opposite side of my block, and cosidering my situation it seemed to be really far.

The short walk home lead through a small park and play ground where I pissed myself many many times during late night homecomings. So here I am again, and since I was already wet…I sat on the first bench and let it loose. I peed a lot…The stream was running at least 40 seconds, while loud continous sound was filling up the area between the houses. Everyone around could here, but noone was around or at least I thought…

After a short relax I went inside. I was overexcited, I did not hesitate to ask how her arrival was…

She confessed that she denied me from entering the elevator because she was really afraid of losing it inside during the ride up. I could belive her since she was already dacing hard (for my greatest joy) while I kept her waiting with stupid small talk in the elevator.

I told her that she won this challenge, I lost it during the walk, which was really surprising for her. But I did not tell it was deliberate…she wasn’t shy to share the information that she could not keep her panties dry as well, but managed to reach the toilet and left the rest for my imagination…how cruel?😅

(I was really hungry for more pee content and I’m sure most of us would feel the same…but she kept it as a secret whether she peed with her panties on or off…)

So, this is how my latest bench wetting was. It felt important for me to share the event as whole. I hope you don’t mind this quite long story. Maybe this could have been in new topic as well.

Cheers!

}}

Oh my goodness this story was so hot!! I especially loved the part where she considered that it would be a nice feeling to pee through her panties with her skirt on. It certainly is...

*003*2022-07-26 19:46

{{8 hours ago, PrincessPEEach said:

I had the chance to pee on a public bench made of concrete last summer. I’d been holding it for ages while driving in a long road trip, kind of purposefully because I knew this rest area was coming up that had a picnic area. I hadn’t used a toilet the whole car ride (I’d already peed in nature, and in my pants, which had mostly dried back up.) Since it was between mealtimes I was hoping ithe picnic area wouldn’t be busy so I could indulge again. Thankfully there were only two other cars and I drove to the far edge, and parked my car to block the view. The table and benches were made of smooth concrete, on a concrete pad.

I was absolutely bursting and knowing that I was so close to relief had me about to leak, so it was all I could do to just sit down before it started. I just sat there and relaxed, and watched the puddle spread and soak into the concrete before splashing off the edge of the bench and spreading everywhere. Soooo splashy. There was such a huge puddle already and it just kept coming and coming, splashing everywhere off the edges of the bench and flooding across the concrete. It was so warm in the sun I just moved to the other bench when I was finally empty and laid back to relax, the sun already starting to dry my pants, and the puddle. Bliss

}}

Oooh splashiness is awesome

{{6 hours ago, HereToStay said:

Oh ya, I looove 😍wetting outside and especially in nature. And I also have a favorite bench by a little river close to where I live that I like to pee myself and relax on frequently. I think This one here

Was the last time I got to enjoy myself there.😊

}}

I always find rivers and streams are great for making me really desperate

*007*2022-07-26 21:44

{{11 minutes ago, Pee princess1 said:

I peed myself on a chair, does that count?

}}

Chairs are fun! I peed on my fake wood (aka did not absorb anything and very easy to wipe down) chair. It pooled really nicely in the seat and when I sat back down in it I was sitting in a puddle, got me even more wet lol!

*009*2022-07-27 04:42

{{2 hours ago, Mariner62 said:

Not on a bench so much, rather a concrete parking lot barrier. After a concert, I sat on it. About waist high and not far from my car, since it was dark and the parking lot wasn't lit real well, I felt it was safe enough to wet in public. Headlights from the cars lit up the barrier and you could see where the pee had run down the side of it.

}}

Did anyone see you wetting or in your wet pants after?

