Authentic Road Trip Emergency - I didn't think I was going to make it!

Author: WatchMeWiggle

*000*2023-05-19 02:24

My entire body is still burning with embarrassment.

This morning my girlfriend and I said goodbye to an amazing 5 day trip to Walt Disney World. We had such a great time sightseeing the parks, riding rides, and making long lasting memories. Unfortunately, the fun had to end eventually and we had to pack our stuff and start the 6 & 1/2 hour journey back home. 2 hours into the trip we stopped at the Buc-ee's gas station in St. Augustine, FL to fill up on gas, get lunch, and go to the bathroom. I didn't really have to go but I figured I'd go pee just in case. I wanted to be comfortable for the next 4 & 1/2 hours.

About halfway in our trip I noticed the two empty water bottles sitting on the floorboard on the passenger side of the car by my girlfriends feet. She didn't drink them. Did I really drink that much water without realizing it? I usually only drink the bare minimum on road trips because I hate making unnecessary stops; especially due to a full bladder making a long car trip feel much longer. I thought to myself "I guess walking around in the blazing heat for the past 5 days dehydrated me..... I don't need to pee.... and I'm still thirsty....."

"Can you reach back there and hand me a tea please?" I said.

I drank my tea while she nodded off in the passenger seat. as the miles dragged on the roads the GPS took us on were becoming increasingly more and more country. With about an hour and 45 minutes to go she was back awake and we were listening to Disney songs from the rides we went on.

🎵There's a great, big, beautiful tomorrow!🎵

🎵Shining at the end of every day!🎵

🎵There's a great, big, beautiful tomorrow!🎵

🎵And tomorrow's just a dream away!🎵

Crap. It hit me. I have to pee.

Tea always does something funny to my bladder where it hits me all at one time. I look down at my dark grey short shorts and see myself shifting my weight side to side in my seat. I look at the GPS and see that there's still over an hour and 45 minutes left until we're home, and I'm not sure I can wait that long. I feel a wave of embarrassment rush over me. Do I tell Lacey?

No! I hate admitting that I have to go to the bathroom to anyone, even my own girlfriend. I was hoping to get over that mental block, but yet here I am. I decided to wait 20 minutes or so to see if the feeling passes, but with no luck the feeling only got worse. I was getting desperate and worried about what to do. I looked down at my lap again and see myself jiggling my legs. At this point I couldn't stop bouncing my legs up and down. She was going to notice soon whether I liked it or not. Even though I was embarrassed by my increasingly obvious potty dance I wasn't trying to hide it anymore. Part of me wanted her to notice and say "honey, do you need to go to the bathroom?". That way I wouldn't have to say it!

Instead I was left to brainstorm how I would bring up my humiliating situation and how I would phrase it. It was getting bad and I knew I had to say something. I rehearsed in my head over and over again:

I have to go to the bathroom. I need to pee. I really have to pee. I need to stop and find a bathroom. Do you need to tinkle? I do. Is there a gas station coming up? UGH I've got to go. I HAVE TO PEE!

The GPS said there was and hour to go and I could feel myself building up the confidence to admit defeat and announce that I did in fact have to pee. Badly.

With knees pressed together I waited until the Disney song ended. "I have to pee" slipped out of my mouth quietly. I could have just as well said "I need to go to the little boy's room! I'm going wee-wee in my undies!"

"You have to pee?"

"Yes."

"Well I don't think there's anywhere to stop until we get home. Can you hold it? You're a big boy, you can hold it."

"I don't know." Then it dawned on me that this exact scenario wasn't fabricated at all. I didn't plan to get desperate, far from home, on a country road with legitimately no stops. This is 100% real, and I might actually pee my pants on accident. At least now that the cat's out of the bag I can wiggle and dance as much as I want. I rotated between bouncing my legs up and down, pinning my thighs tightly together, rapidly fanning my legs open and closed, shifting my butt side to side, and bouncing my butt up and down in the seat. I felt like the very definition of 'Potty Dance'. I danced like crazy trying to keep her car's driver seat dry.

I felt Lacey's eye's look over at my lap several times before asking "are you going to pee your pants?"

"I might... I'm not sure I can make it."

"You can use a bottle."

"That's not as easy as you think sitting in a car seat. Remember my story about my penis getting kinked like a garden hose because the angles were wrong?"

"Well if you get my car wet, all you have to do is clean it up. It's okay."

She saw how much pain I was in and gave me permission to wet myself. I thought for a brief moment about how good it would feel. I imagined her watching my shorts darken and my face turning beet red.

No! I almost relaxed too much thinking about letting go and almost lost control. There was only 20 minutes left!

I shoved my left hand in my crotch and was determined to hold on until the last minute. This was my last resort. My passenger was watching my frantic pee dance and changed her tune.

"I think you're going to pee your pants. You're not going to make it!" Was she enjoying this? She teased me by telling me stories of all of the times she almost wet herself in that driver's seat. She reached over and pressed on my bladder and laughed "does that help?"

"It's going to be super embarrassing for you if you have an accident."

Her eyes were fixated on my crotch waiting to see a dark spot form. She wanted me to have an accident.

Five minutes away from the house I legitimately didn't think I was going to make it. I though I might have a chance to park the car, but as soon as I stood up the flood gates would bust open and I would flood my briefs and shorts right in front of her.

I snap back to reality again because I felt my briefs get wet. I was daydreaming again about being bent over outside of my door with pee hissing loudly into my pants. I relaxed a little too much and lost a few drops!

I was letting out little moans and whispering "don't pee your pants, don't pee your pants, don't pee your pants, don't pee your pants."

I made a game plan. Quickly - open the garage door - park the car - run to the bathroom.

I pull up the the driveway and do just that, only my run was a pathetic short stepped waddle like they do in the Sims games.

I rip my briefs and shorts down as fast as possible and slam down on the toilet and immediately let out what felt like gallons and gallons of pee. I peed for what felt like minutes all while having one of the best peegasms of my life. Lacey heard me moaning in the bathroom and ran over to the open door and asked "did you make it?"

"Kinda..."

Not all of my pee made it into the toilet; some of it has sprayed out and leaked down the side of the bowl and puddled on the ground. I was too busy peeing to my hearts desire and moaning to notice.

I took a moment to come back down to earth and clean up. When I went back to show Lacey the damage on my underwear. She was really turned on from the free show and we had some fun. 😏

She was really into it and said she wants the control my bathroom privileges for the rest of the weekend. She wants to make me have an accident. 😳

*003*2023-06-06 01:11

{{On 5/19/2023 at 11:19 AM, wishfulomo0572 said:

Man what I wouldn't give to have been that passenger. If I were her I'd be tempted to get to the bathroom before you and stall you even longer.

I do want to say as a quick PSA: You probably should have asked her to drive the rest of the way. The distraction of a full bladder can be dangerous behind the wheel.

}}

Honestly this is not something that crossed my mind, but will in the future.

When I say there was nowhere safe to stop I really mean it. It was all skinny country roads and it had been raining hard on the way back and I didn't want to risk getting her car stuck in the mud.

*005*2023-06-11 19:38

{{On 6/3/2023 at 2:31 AM, slothmallow said:

Omg, I was thinking the same thing, lol 😅😅😅😅😅 "Please don't have an accident" was a double entendre in this story

}}

Were you rooting for me to make it? Lol

