My first accident while holding

Author: WetLittleBunny

*000*2024-06-24 03:24

Okay so I though that my first actually post here should be a story of my first and only wetting.

So for some background, I still live with my parents so I don't have much opportunity to try wetting myself, we'll no problem I just stick to holding it in and most of the time I manage to use the toilet before it gets too serious (unless I'm home alone, then I like to be more risky).

About two weeks ago I was left home alone, it was the perfect opportunity for me to do a little hold, that was all it was supposed to be, a hold with no wetting.

Well things escalated quickly.

It started with me putting on a really tight pair of underwear and a skirt so leaks wouldn't be so easily visible if anyone came home.

In the background I put on a video with water sounds, or to be more specific this:

%https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/X_BAQyKgUSA?feature=oembed

Somehow this specific video always increases my desperation so I listen to it while doing those 'try not to pee' quizzes.

This time I decided that I wouldn't use the toilet immediately after my desperation hit, I was home alone after all. So about 1,5 litre in and I'm squirming. (I have a small bladder, I know, I'm short)

I wanted to challenge myself so I waddled towards the bathroom. I decided to try and take a shower without peeing. Before I managed to undress tho I leaked a bit and had to cross my legs. I decided that I needed to punish myself for the small leak, so I walked towards the kitchen slowly and drank a cup of tea.

Then I went back to the bathroom. I tried undressing as fast as I could so I wouldn't wet my clothes. I got into the shower and turned on the water, it immediately made me squirm and cross my legs, I loved how desperate I was so I tried to hold it. I didn't really clean myself too well because I was too busy crossing my legs and pee dancing, but after about 10 minutes I turned off the water and got out. I wrapped myself in the towel and actually felt proud of myself that I managed to hold it like that, showers always made me wee, no matter If I was desperate or not, so it was actually a surprise I didn't pee this time.

I decided to get dressed, I wanted to hold it in front of the toilet (come on we all know that it feels like the relief is so close yet it's so far away).

I managed to put on my panties and skirt when I felt a leak. I quickly crossed my legs tightly and shoved my hands between my thighs to hold myself. I knew what was about to happen, I was about to wet myself.

I practically ran towards the toilet, squirming and spurting with each move. My underwear was wet by the time I managed to pull it down. I sat down on the toilet but then I realized I was mostly empty, most of my piss was in my underwear and floor.

Of course I had to clean everything up before anyone came back, but it was worth it. It felt great and I want to do more stuff like that in the future.

I hope that whoever is reading this enjoyed my desperation lol

