Desperate Driving

Author: wetninja33

*000*2022-11-09 22:13

I travel for work fairly frequently, so I often find myself in the car for hours at a time. I usually have something to drink while I'm in the car (it's important to stay hydrated). As you might imagine, this has led to some close calls. Last night may have been the closest call I've had yet.

I finished up work yesterday around 2 or 3 in the afternoon, with a 4+ hour drive ahead of me to get back home. I'd just about finished my 32 oz bottle of water, so I decided to pee before getting in the car. I had a can of Peace Tea in the car, so I sipped on that for the first couple hours of the drive. By the time it was mostly gone, I was starting to feel a little tired. I also needed to pee, so I decided to stop at Starbucks to solve both of those problems.

With my bladder empty and a coffee in my hand I got back on the highway. This was my mistake right here. Coffee and tea usually go straight to my bladder, so having both back-to-back was a recipe for disaster. By the time I'd finished both, there was still about 45 minutes of driving left and I was starting to feel the need to pee again. I could see on Google Maps that I was going to hit some traffic as I got closer to the city, so I was trying to decide if I could hold until I got home or if I should stop at a gas station before the traffic hit. As I got closer to the traffic, I noticed my bladder filling at an alarming rate. I didn't want to sit in traffic with a full bladder and risk peeing all over my car seat, so I decided to play it safe and look for somewhere to stop.

I got off at the next exit to stop at a gas station. When I walked inside, I noticed that the hallway to the bathrooms was blocked off by a row of shelves. I asked the clerk, and she said the bathrooms were closed. I walked back to my car and drove to another gas station nearby. This time there was just a standard "Out of order" sign on the door. At the next place, there was no sign at all, but the bathroom door was locked and it sounded like no one was inside.

At this point, I was panicking. I'd stopped 3 times and each time I got back in the car I could feel my bladder screaming for relief. I decided to get back on the highway and try to make it home. A few exits later I realized there was no way I was going to make it, so I got off the highway again to find another gas station. I went inside and was met with another "Out of order" sign. When I got back in the car, I could tell my bladder was furious about being denied release yet again.

I was about to turn back onto the highway when I noticed an empty parking lot for what appeared to be an abandoned gas station. At this point it was dark outside, and the parking lot bordered a forest. I knew I wasn't going to be able to make it home dry, so I thought about stopping and peeing outside. After weighing my options, I decided to risk it. I parked the car, ran over to the tree line, and peed for what felt like forever. There were cars driving by behind me the whole time, and I was a little worried someone would see me. After I finished, I quickly got back in the car and back on the highway. At this point I was too relieved to even be upset about the traffic I was about to be stuck in.

Fortunately, the traffic wasn't too bad and I was able to make it home before my bladder filled up again. This is the first time I've seen so many bathrooms all closed at the same time like that. Anyone else struggle with this before?

