Accident While Modding The Sims 3

Author: wetvitaly

*000*2018-08-15 23:31

I don’t often see my sister since she lives in Ohio, but she was visiting me before going out of town and left her computer with me for safe keeping. I haven’t played the sims since I was probably 14, so I decided to load up origin and see what I could do.

As I waited for several of my old expansion packs to download, I drank about 12 ounces of water and 8 ounces of cranberry juice. My WiFi is very slow, so it took roughly 2 hours. By the time the game was fully installed with all expansions, my need was at a 6. I was sitting on my foot moving back and forth as I opened chrome to download some mods. This always takes forever since I never pay for vip on the sims resource, and I don’t have an ad blocker.

I was about 5 mods in when I had to stop and apply more pressure on my pee hole against my foot. I felt a spurt come out and soak my panties and the crotch of my leggings, but I didn’t bother getting up. I thought I had a lot more time. I readjusted my position on my bed and balanced the laptop on my knee so I could move my pillows, when the laptop suddenly slid down my leg and slammed into my bladder.

I yelped and pushed the laptop off me and sat up straight, feeling my panties dampen again. This time, it was two spurts, and I held on for dear life. I didn’t want to stand up till I gained back full control, but I knew my time was running out. My bladder was spasming and I moaned as I held my hand to my crotch desperately, my fingers now dripping from the soaked fabric.

Once I thought I had full control back, I slowly moved forward to put my feet on the floor, and that was it.

I spread my legs as I laid on my back, moaning and gasping as my bladder released all over my bed, soaking into the sheets and mattress. My pussy was spasming, and I could hear the piss hissing as it sprayed against my panties.

When I finally finished, I quickly got up and stripped out of my soaked panties, leggings and the hem of my shirt. It felt amazing.

