The Big Half

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-09-08 15:46

Yesterday was an absolutely perfect day for The Big Half and I was feeling on top of the world after crossing that finish line.

My legs were sore, my face was flushed with pride, and I felt like I could do anything. But, of course, as is always the case after a long run, a new problem emerged, my bladder was about to explode.

I hadn’t used the bathroom since before the race, and with all the adrenaline coursing through me during the run, I hadn’t even noticed the pressure building up. But now, with the race behind me, it was undeniable. I needed a toilet.

I’d originally planned to head to the portaloos near the finish line, but when I saw the lines were already out of control, stretching halfway across Greenwich Park, I knew that was a no-go. So, in my post-race haze, I started thinking about another option: The Yacht pub. It was a short walk away, and I knew they had decent toilets and a great atmosphere. It was the perfect spot to catch my breath, grab a pint, and get some relief.

I started walking towards the pub, hoping I could make it in time. The walk felt longer than usual, and with every step, I could feel the pressure in my bladder building. I was almost there though.

Just a little further.

As I approached I saw the crowd. The pub was packed. People were spilling out onto the pavement, laughing, chatting, and holding pints, all basking in the post-race glow. It was a sea of runners in their medals and non-runners who were celebrating with them.

The whole vibe was amazing, but there was one small issue: there was no way I was getting into that pub anytime soon.

I stood at the entrance for a moment, weighing my options. The place was so crowded I could barely see the bar. The thought of waiting in that chaos with a bladder that was now seriously protesting made my stomach drop.

I looked around, panic setting in. I needed to pee, badly. And I could already feel my body starting to betray me.

The seconds ticked by, and the pressure became unbearable a spurt of piss warmed my knickers, this was bad, really bad I took a step back, trying to gather my thoughts, but it was no use. The last thing I wanted to do was fight my way through that crowd holding my legs together and pretending like I wasn’t about to soak myself.

I glanced around again, and a crazy idea hit me, a little further along there was a place with a great view of the river with Canary Wharf in the background, it wasn’t ideal, but I could make it work.

So, without overthinking it too much, I hurried along, got my phone out and pretended to take a selfie. As I did I relaxed my muscles, closed my eyes, and let go. The warm sensation spread quickly, and the relief was almost immediate. I couldn’t believe I was doing this in the middle of a busy street, with people all around. But honestly, at that point, I didn’t care. It wasn’t like anyone was going to notice, right?

The pee spread through my knickers into my leggings and running shorts, I realized the wetness was starting to creep down my legs. I looked down, mortified, as it pooled in my trainers and spilled on the pavement. The world around me kept moving, but I was frozen, caught in the most ridiculous and embarrassing moment of my day.

I stayed as still as I could, trying not to draw attention to myself. Thankfully, no one seemed to notice me standing there, trying to cover up what was happening. I tried to stay composed, but in that moment, I felt completely out of control.

I quietly started to walk away, my trainers squelching, desperately hoping that my black leggings and pink camo shorts were doing a good job of hiding what I'd done but not daring to check.

I felt a mix of relief and shame, grateful to have gotten some relief, but mortified by the way I’d done it.

As I walked away back to the foot tunnel, I couldn’t help but laugh to myself.

The victory pint I’d promised myself was piss in my leggings instead of cider being poured down my neck!

I still owe myself that pint of Dark Fruits but I will definitely be wearing my trusty Tenas when I go to the pub.

*014*2025-09-10 12:00

{{17 hours ago, Kemovi7763 said:

It sounds like a fun day out!

Did you get a good time with the run as well?

}}

I was pleased with my time, it was over 90 minutes but less than 160, I am not saying any more or I'll Dox myself!

