Working from home and stuck on conference calls
	(a couple of pictures of what happened)
Author: wetgarth

*000*2022-09-15 05:19

I may have mentioned before but am fortunate to be able to work from home.

Today I had a full day of online conference calls (no video calls today, just audio) so didn't need be be dressed from the waist up in more appropriate work attire. I also have the house to myself for a couple of days so reasoned, I may as well prepare. I put a bin bag & towels on my office chair to negate the need to constantly excuse myself to go to the toilet.

With this in mind, I chose to wear a favorite old pair of Cargo's ( they have been peed in numerous times, and the material feels nice when wet), underneath my grey CK shorts.

Conference calls can get pretty boring at times and this one was scheduled for 2hrs (mainly watching PowerPoint slides for a new product launch). So armed with a pint glass of water and a fresh cup of tea the meeting started. I already had a slight urge before we began as had hydrated well this morning. As I drank my cup of tea, it wasn't long before the urge become more intense. In fact, just half an hour in, I felt I was going to burst. I held on a bit longer and drank more of my water. The the twinges becoming more intense as I held myself, squeezing my legs together to hold as long as I could.

Fortunately the audio was muted and had now reached a point where I had to let it all out. I took a deep breath and relaxed, immediately a short preliminary spurt guessed out into my pants, shortly followed by a full flood. I could feel myself pulsing as I forced the pee out into my pants and Cargo's. The feeling of the hot pee filling my shorts, hissing as it squirted up as well as then flowing down between my legs, pooling on my seat was ecstatic. I had no idea what was happening on the conference call at this point, I was just enjoying the warm sticky wetness.

I stayed in the same clothes all day and chose not to use the toilet but continued wet them more every time I felt the urge.

I set my phone on timer to take a picture. Anyway, a couple of pictures from this morning efforts

I do enjoy being able to work from home 🙂

&&

&&

*002*2022-09-30 08:29

Got the house to myself a again in a couple of weeks for a few days - wondering what I should do next?

*003*2022-09-30 21:49

{{12 hours ago, HereToStay said:

Well that sounds like you had a lot of fun 👍. Thanks for sharing!

Little question though: What did you do about the floor? Looks like you have carpet in your office. I imagine an entire workdays worth of pee will not be limited to chair and pants, right? 😉

}}

Its actually hard flooring under my chair & desk - what you see is a rug. I tend to sit on towels with a plastic bag protecting the chair. When a towel is "full", I'll swap for a dry one and carry on.

*004*2022-10-01 06:18

Just wondering if any of the ladies have any requests for my next wettings?

*006*2022-10-01 06:42

{{6 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Only ladies?? 😀

}}

Well not necessarily or exclusively - I am a straight male so naturally orientated to females but I am here sharing my wetting experiences with everyone to comment and enjoy together.

*008*2022-10-01 06:57

{{4 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

No worries! Was not being serious hence the 😀

Are you into desperation or just wetting?

}}

A bit of both. Generally for the first wetting I will tend like holding till desperate but once I am wet and the damage is done, I just like re-wetting and carry on as normal. I have found however that once wet and sitting in wet pants- I seem to want to pee more frequently than normal, which I like.

*010*2022-10-01 15:29

{{8 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Sounds good! I really like the idea of a genuine loss of control inspite of all the person's efforts to hold on. I can't make it happen to me so really envious of others that can! Loved your Snowden story! Did you tell your mate?

}}

Nope - only people on here know about that 🙂

