Workplace nature pees

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2025-08-06 21:49

I work outdoors in the summer, and at my current job I am outside (no access to a bathroom) for the full afternoon, usually about 3.5-4 hours. Usually I'm okay, but some days if its hot and I've drank a lot of water, I can find myself fairly desperate. Its a pretty normal thing among my team to occasionally head uptrail into the bush to find a place to pee, so here are 2 desperate nature pees I was able to surreptitiously record.

*001*2025-08-06 21:55

IMG_4316.mov

IMG_5331.mov

*004*2025-08-06 22:28

{{28 minutes ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

Wonderful! Thanks so much for sharing

Hope you get to make more videos like this

}}

Its hit and miss cuz 1) I try not to pee in the field unless its really urgent 2) I have to be able to discreetly get my phone out. But maybe!

*011*2025-08-09 00:33

{{On 8/7/2025 at 2:11 PM, Marco said:

I would like a video of you being desperate instead. 🥰

}}

Yeah that wouldn't be possible while I'm at work

{{1 hour ago, DespAndHold said:

I wonder how far away from your colleagues you have to walk as you pee so much in about ten seconds it is the loudest peeing I’ve ever heard and seen so you’d need to be a good distance from them or they’d hear 😀

}}

Hahaaa thank you! I definitely walk far enough away that I feel like I have privacy

*013*2025-08-09 00:37

{{6 hours ago, hdh said:

Absolutely beautiful. And my goodness, you REALLY had to pee lol. Would love a storytime video describing how bad it was.

}}

I will try to rack my brain to see if I can remember these specific instances based on the dates and times on my phone. Usually though I pee once I'm at no more than a 7-8/10 when I'm at work because I need to be able to do my job and not be potty dancing. Often I will be feeling significant pressure though, stopping a few bladder spasms by kneeling on the back of my ankle and sometimes getting a bit turned on if I'm quite full

*018*2025-08-16 17:32

{{On 8/9/2025 at 3:53 AM, slothmallow said:

As someone who is afab, I am always super impressed with other afabs who can pee outside. I've only done it like once, and I was nowhere near as graceful as you. Awesome job and awesome videos! Thank you so much for sharing this with us!

}}

I'm curious what you mean by you can't! I promise you you can! Just pull down pants, squat behind pants and pee. But yes finding a private spot is crucial so you aren't stressed

