Witnessed a library wetting first hand.

Author: Warmth

*000*2022-08-22 05:57

This happened about 5 or 6 years ago. I was at a local university's library around 9 or 10 am just walking around a bit. I didn't attend this university but I enjoyed going there to relax and enjoy some quiet time. I went up to the forth floor (highest floor) and got off the elevator. There was a row of desks that were set up back to back with book shelves to the left. This floor of the library is very quiet and usually not very populated, especially at this time of the day. As I walked down the hall going past the desks I noticed a girl sitting at one of the desks. She was holding herself with both hands and was making a kind of pained moaning sound and seemed like she couldn't stay still. I thought to myself that I should sit at the desk facing her as it seemed like this could be interesting. I sat down and took out my laptop and just as I do I hear her quietly exclaim "Oh no!" 

I look under my desk and I see that she has pissed herself and its all over the chair and going on the floor. She is futilely holing herself like that is going to stop anything. She stands up and I quit looking under the desk and she walks over to me. The front of her pants are all wet in the crotch and legs. She casually asks me if I could keep an eye on her stuff as she has to clean up in the bathroom. There wasn't a hint of embarrassment in her voice. I told her that of course I would and she thanked me and went off to the bathroom. 

While she was gone I went over to her desk and saw a giant puddle in the chair and on the floor under her desk. I sat at my desk waiting for her return and she did about 5 minutes later. I think she was wearing the same exact clothes as there were still visibly noticeable wetness in the crotch and legs still. She thanked me for watching her stuff and she put her laptop into her bag and walked to the elevator and left, leaving the puddles she made behind. I went to look at the puddles again and then left myself, very happy that I witnessed this first hand.

Now, do you think this was accidental or on purpose? I feel like it was purposeful. First off, the woman's bathroom was not very far at all. She could have very well easily have made it, and never even gotten to that point in the first place. Second, her pained moaning was not particularly loud, but very noticeable if you were nearby. And lastly the way she was so nonchalant about it. You would think if she were embarrassed she would have poked her head over the desks and said "Hey can you watch my stuff for a minute?", like other people have done when they had to leave their desk for non emergencies. Instead she casually walked up to me in full view and didn't try to hide anything. She even mentioned she had to clean herself up.

*008*2022-08-27 00:48

{{On 8/25/2022 at 5:31 AM, TheLoneRanger said:

To me, this is sounding deliberate. Mind you, had she clocked on to the fact you had been there before.

Where you positioned close to the toilets and was this your usual spot.

}}

I didn't have a usual spot, and I would go there maybe once or twice a week. So I don't think she would be targeting me specifically.

{{9 hours ago, farseladosso said:

I am almost sure that it was deliberate. She will have been a girl who not only is into losing control and wetting herself but, on top of that, is into being watched when it happens to her. I have heard of this mixture of omorashi and exhibitionism/humiliation in public before. I can tell you that it turns me on like hell.

}}

Yes, it was quite a turn on. And it did seem quite the coincidence if it wasn't deliberate. Never thought I would experience it out in the wild. The only thing that comes close was when I was a teenager camping. Went to use the toilets and there was a girl in a bikini right outside who pulled her bottom to the side and let loose like a hose.

{{On 8/25/2022 at 12:47 AM, blasseroz said:

Now isn't this where a smart phone would be useful?

Sounds deliberate to me - almost like she let go once you'd settled.

}}

Yeah, it happened so fast for one and I didn't want to be seen taking photos of the aftermath, or if she saw me and it was accidental, I wouldn't want to make her feel bad. You had to walk down this hallway if you used the elevator and wanted to get to any other part of this floor so there was a bit of foot traffic.

