First Experiences

Author: Wet Mandy

*000*2017-04-05 01:11

I've had a curiosity about wetting and secretly fantasized about it since I was in grade school. Its a fetish that's stayed with me all my life. But I've never researched or really indulged myself until recently. I'm not sure why-- I always figured it was really taboo and I was incredibly abnormal. But it was actually my discovery of this site that really spurred me to start exploring it! Public wetting specifically is where my deepest fantasies lie (I haven't quite worked up the nerve to fully act them out). That said I think I've taken some pretty bold steps recently.

Before I start my story here's some vague yet revealing details about my life: I'm 5'3'', in my late 20's and have been married for 4 years (I've never told my husband about these fantasies but hopefully I can work up the courage!!!) I work part time 4 days a week as a paralegal and live in a pretty big town-- big enough to do something risqué in public without my friends hearing about it (I hope) And I'll leave the rest of my dimensions, hair color, etc up to the reader because I know people have their preferences and I'd like you to imagine me as you will!

So prior to this I had to sort of un-potty train myself. I started with things like wetting my pants and shorts standing in the bath or the shower but had difficulty letting it go while clothed. It took some practice (and a glass of wine never hurt) but I've gotten competent enough to go at will more or less. I loved every moment-- the desperation, warmth, and relief most of all! I've caught myself many times now in public having to pee and fantasizing about doing it. But I never had the gall to just let go. Until today.

I first felt the need to pee while I was at work-- about an hour before quitting time. The idea popped into my head when a surprise wave of desperation hit me. I started rubbing myself just thinking about it--I decided that today HAD to be the day. I got home around 1:30 like I usually do and changed into some tight button-fly levis that really hug my figure nicely. They're light blue so wet spots show up really well too--I know because I've wet these before in private. I also wore a belt, some toeless ankle boots, and a yellow vneck tshirt. 

I didn't wear panties though because I prefer going commando when I wet. (I go commando sometimes anyways because I like the way a rough crotch seam feels against my clit) There was a lot of pressure in my nether region and I was well past the point where I would normally head to a bathroom. But I wanted to really soak myself so I downed a glass of water before grabbing the clothes I wanted to return and left. On the way to my department stores I bought a sweet tea at McDonald's. I drank very quickly, perhaps to distract myself from my desperation, and ended up finishing before pulling into the shopping center parking lot.

In the store, I took my time looking at clothes to exchange and trying things on. An hour of loitering really took its toll on my bladder! I had to stand with my legs crossed and walk briskly to lessen the pain. Not to mention a fair amount of crotch-grabbing and little dances here and there. I actually walked past the bathrooms a couple times-- but I was determined to make myself have an "accident". In moments of privacy I rubbed my pussy just thinking about how warm it would be to start peeing. But time and time again my nerves got the best of me! In my fantasies I always imagined that walking through the store with totally soaked jeans would be exhilarating.

In the moment, though, all I could picture myself being was utterly embarrassed. Eventually I found a pair of black jeans I wanted to try on and hobbled over to the dressing room. I put them on and looked at myself in the mirror. I can't describe to you how tempting it was to let loose right then! I really wanted to and god knows I was bursting! My legs were visibly shaking and I could feel my heart racing. But again my nerves got the best of me... although wetting in a dressing room is something I'll have to try one day! I put my levis back on and almost lost control when I cinched my belt. At this point I had lost all confidence in myself so I threw those tight black jeans in the discard bin and made my way to the exit.

I had parked my car at the far end of the parking lot because, you know, walking;'s good for you. When I stepped onto the pavement I spotted another women who must have had the same idea walking towards me from the far end. It occurred to me that this was the perfect moment to stage an accident! She was probably only 50 feet away at this point and the gap seemed to be closing fast. I was walking at a brisk pace, albeit with short, tight steps. I held my arms stiffly by my sides and my hands must have been balled up into fists. I had never actually peed my pants while walking but let me assure you in that moment it felt intensely doable! I noticed the woman shift her attention to me with a curious look. She must have been in her 50's. We were maybe 20 feet away from each other now and I was really trying hard to make myself piss. Then I felt it...

I remember hearing myself quietly gasp. It was just a tiny stream at first. I looked down and noticed a very small dark spot slowly growing at the very base of my crotch. My bladder reflexively regained control of itself and cut the stream. Then, while still walking, I slowly exhaled the air I had gasped in. I looked up at the woman and felt an explosion of wetness on my pelvis. She had definitely noticed and was staring wide-eyed at the fly of my jeans. Peeing hard, I looked back down at myself to assess the damage.

My jeans were thick enough and tight enough against my thighs that my pee hadn't yet found its way down one of my pant legs. But it had definitely started pooling around my crotch and shot hard up my fly and to the far sides of my thighs. I didn't let up there though-- I continued wetting as hard as I could. The stain was practically up to my waistband of my jeans and at this point and I could feel it shooting up my behind. The wetness was glistening against my crotch and you could almost see the pee streaming on the surface of the denim. I could even see pee start to pour out of the gaps between the buttons on my fly!

The poor woman couldn't take her eyes off me! But she kept walking. And I kept walking. It was starting to cascade down my legs now, alternating from left to right with each step. We finally passed each other, and somehow with her gaze gone I managed to make myself pee even harder. My urine was audibly splattering on the pavement at this point. I must have left quite a trail! I continued peeing all the way back to my car. Still flooding my jeans, I quickly opened my door and hid behind it.

I stood with my legs tight together and pushed my hand hard into my crotch. It was so warm-- it felt like a shower head shooting water on my clit! My chest was heaving and it felt like I was climaxing from an orgasm! I probably stood there for another 15 seconds just peeing. But it felt like a minute or more. I spread my legs a little and placed my hands against my thighs-- relaxing to let the last of my pee out. There was quite a puddle beneath me and only a little bit of fabric on my jeans that wasn't dark from wetness. I stood there for a bit basking in the warmth, letting the moment sink in...

When I finally realized that I was standing in the middle of a parking lot with pee-soaked jeans, I quickly grabbed a towel from my back seat and placed on the drivers seat for me to sit on. Then I hopped in, started my car, and tore out of there! Needless to say this is one of the hottest things I've ever experienced and I plan on experimenting much more in the future. Maybe I'll share my adventures with all of you! Tell me about your first times and what you thought of mine! And let me know of any creative or exciting things I can do in the future! I can't wait to put on another show-- I'm really enthralled by the concept of 'convenience wetting' some people here engage in! Hopefully one day I'll have the courage to do something like that in public!

*001*2017-04-05 01:44

{{29 minutes ago, OmoCommando said:

This has got to be one of the most (if not the most) thrilling and most daring experiences I've ever read. Your writing had me constantly wondering how this turned out. I love the way you paced it and the description of the sensations you were feeling at crucial moments. I definitely salute your courage at having ANYONE witness your accident.

Well done, and welcome to omo.org! I hope you continue to contribute stories of this quality!

}}

Thanks so much! Writing about it is a great way to relive the experience!

*003*2017-04-05 03:43

{{13 minutes ago, amberpee said:

Wow! For your first post you have certainly set the bar high for future stories. I really do hope you share more of your adventures. I would have been mortified with the woman walking so close. Did you manage to wash your clothes before your husband returned home?

}}

Yes! I got home around 4:40 or so and he never gets in before 6. I threw in some other clothes that need washing to make it look like a normal load (even though I rarely do laundry in the middle of the week!) I don't think he paid any mind to it. I really should tell him about this fetish-- he's been honest with me about his. He's a pretty vanilla guy though so this would probably be a big surprise!

