Make me wet

Author: WetDudeCalube

*000*2025-09-05 06:22

Hey, all!

I wanted to post here on top of the other recent posts I've made to introduce a little spice to my kinky little life.

I'm engaged, and she knows all about my fetish and indulges me often. She wets, I wet, we have a lot of fun with it.

I wanted to create a topic where you all share ideas/situations/games where I might wet a specific way, find ways to hide my wettings, or just intentionally find myself in desperate situations of your imaginations.

I'll take your ideas if I like them, play out the scenario, and share my experiences here with you.

To specify, this would be me playing out these situations, not her.

*003*2025-09-10 22:10

{{On 9/7/2025 at 2:21 AM, JackWet said:

Wonderful idea! And by the way, congratulations on your engagement! I'm glad you're able yo have fun together with this.

As for ideas, I know it's not original at all, but... personally I love seeing a guy wetting the bed while sleeping (or pretending to), then wake up and react to the mess he made. He may be surprised, frustrated, or maybe he could enjoy waking up in a puddle... There's plenty of possibilities.

I'm not sure if you are into bedwetting at all, and even if you are it may be difficult to practise it if you share the bed with someone. But if you have a chance to try it, please keep up posted!

}}

I'm doing my best to keep my word and follow up with the replies on this topic, so I thought I'd post and update and share that I did take your suggestion into account.

The other night, while laying next to my fiancé while we were getting ready for bed, I made a game of slowly wetting myself in bed to see how long she'd notice.

Over the course of 30 minutes, I let some pee out little by little into my underwear in bed until I was thoroughly soaked through. She ended up falling asleep before noticing, so I slept in my wet underwear.

When we woke up in the morning, I wet them a little more and made a big show of bending over in front of her showing off the soaked state, and she had a riot wondering when and how I managed to wet them that much.

I didn't get any pictures for her privacy reasons, but I will take pictures of different scenarios or when I try this one again because it was a lot of fun.

{{On 9/8/2025 at 10:23 AM, kilianj74 said:

How about a fun scenario where you lost a bet with someone and the punishment is to pull down your shorts/pants but keep on briefs/underpants, pee through your underpants on the toilet then pull your shorts/pants back up over your wet underpants. 🙂

}}

I will be attempting this scenario tonight. I work a later shift, and I'm hoping to wet myself in the work bathroom, pull up my pants, walk through the plant and drive home soaked. I'll take pictures as I try and pull this off and update you later.

*004*2025-09-11 04:41

{{On 9/8/2025 at 10:23 AM, kilianj74 said:

How about a fun scenario where you lost a bet with someone and the punishment is to pull down your shorts/pants but keep on briefs/underpants, pee through your underpants on the toilet then pull your shorts/pants back up over your wet underpants. 🙂

}}

I was able to play this one out, and it was a ton of fun!!

I didn't get any pictures, but it was exhilarating to pee through my underwear soaking them down to my ass, then pull my work jeans back up over them and walk out of the plant, hiding my dirty little secret.

I drove home, and the seat of my jeans did get a little damp, I got home, changed out of them, and am all sorts of excited because of the adventure.

Even though I didn't get any pictures, I would 100% do this again, and try to grab some good photos and videos when I do.

*007*2025-09-11 21:19

Oh, she doesn't mind at all! We've bought a protective cover for the mattress and have both had fun holding and thoroughly soaking it.

*010*2025-09-12 06:14

As promised, I did another wetting where I pee my underwear, then pull my pants up over the top. I decided to do it in another public space this time, so I chose a local gas station.

I loaded up while at work today, drove out to the gas station and just let loose. It felt so warm and amazing.

20250911_234138_1.mp4

After I was done, I pulled my pants back up, walked through and even bought another drink with my wet underwear still warm underneath my jeans.

20250911_234557.mp4

By the time I got home, the wetness had bled through to my jeans, and I had a decent sized wet spot all over my crotch and butt. &&

While I sat to take this picture, I felt the urge to go again, so I wet myself through my jeans this time.

20250911_235949.mp4

