This weekend - Accident free on a technicality!

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-05-27 11:52

We'd been on Oxford Street since 10 a.m. battling crowds, swiping through rails, and making unspoken pacts to buy nothing and then breaking them five minutes later.

Lucy was on a mission for some summery shoes. I was on the lookout for work clothes.

We decided to leave Oxford street and head to Camden for more shopping and some lunch.

We'd just got on the tube when I felt the first warning signs and for once I decided not to ignore it.

“Lucy,” I said, eyes wide. “I need a toilet.”

She glanced at me. “How bad?”

“Bad-bad.”

“We’re going to Camden anyway—just get to King's Cross, change to Northern. Ten minutes.”

I nodded. We moved.

My bladder screamed with every jolt of the carriage.

Each stop, I was getting more desperate.

I stared blindly at the stupid adverts, chewed the inside of my cheek, held my breath.

By the time we pulled into King's Cross, I was sweating through my jumper and blinking through tears. I turned to Lucy. “I can’t make it all the way, I have to go now. I’ll meet you in Camden.”

“No way,” she said, grabbing my arm. “We’re going together"

We shot out of the station, tearing through the tunnels. The King's Cross concourse opened up like the gates of heaven and there just past the ridiculous Harry Potter shop, the public toilets.

I nearly cried with relief.

I burst into the first stall. My fingers fumbled at the belt and zipper. I yanked my jeans down just in time, sighed with relief as I peed into the toilet, I'd made it, for once I hadn't wet myself.

As I gathered my thoughts I realised I’d forgotten one very critical detail:

I was still wearing my light grey boxers!

I gasped, then whispered the only appropriate response:

“Oh fuck”

I stood in stunned silence, jeans around my knees, clinging to the cold reality that I had, in fact, technically peed myself in a public toilet.

“Katy?” Lucy’s voice came through the door. “You okay?”

I opened the door a crack. “I peed… through my Calvins.”

A pause. Then: “You what?”

I sighed. “Didn’t get them down in time. They’re soaked.”

Lucy burst out laughing. Loud. Unfiltered. I wanted to be embarrassed. Instead, I started laughing too.

I peeled off the boxers, grimacing. I rummaged in my bag and found an empty Walkers crisp packet. Smoky bacon.

I opened it and stuffed in the soaked boxers inside, sealed it tight, and dropped it back into my bag.

Then I pulled up my jeans.

Commando Kate (again)!

I washed my hands, fixed my eyeliner, and met Lucy outside the toilets.

“I handled it,” I said.

She raised an eyebrow. “Where are they now?”

“In the crisp packet.”

“You’re feral.”

“I’m resourceful.”

Back on the tube, headed for Camden, we could barely breathe for laughing. And when we finally emerged into the busy high street Lucy patted my shoulder and said, “Let’s get burgers. You’ve earned it.”

We sat at Five Guys, hands greasy, me very aware of the denim against bare skin we laughed again.

We’d barely finished our fries when Lucy stood up, brushing salt off her hands.

“Wait here and finish your Milkshake" she said, eyes sparkling with the kind of mischief that made me nervous.

“What are you doing?”

“Something heroic.”

She disappeared into the crowd like some kind of chaos fairy.

I sat there in Five Guys, sipping my Milkshake.

Ten minutes later, Lucy returned, holding a bright pink paper bag like it was a crown jewel.

She slid into the booth, deadpan.

“Emergency knickers,” she declared.

I narrowed my eyes. “Lucy, what have you done?”

“Saved your life.”

I reached into the bag and pulled them out.

And I howled.

They were tiny with a Union Jack print. They looked like something a Spice Girl would’ve worn in 1998 if there was a Slutty Stripper Spice!

“These are a hate crime,” I whispered.

“They were five quid. No refunds.”

I stared at them. Then at her.

And then I laughed until I cried.

Back in the toilets, I took off my jeans again and pulled them on.

When I came out, Lucy was waiting.

“Well?”

"Better than nothing I suppose"

We high-fived.

And as we strolled through Camden market rummaging through vinyls, trying on sunglasses we’d never buy, sipping bubble tea I walked with just a little more pride, technically I hadn't wet myself!

*003*2025-05-27 13:19

{{10 minutes ago, Heloctre said:

But there is a point that must be explained to me: ridiculous shop harry potter?!? 😱

}}

I'm just being grumpy about the shop because I don't like where some of the profits go!

*010*2025-05-28 09:19

{{10 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

Hot and exciting events! 💦💛Did you keep the emergency panties dry until the end of the day?🤭

}}

Yes I did thank you, I'm not that accident prone!

