Pissed my pants while out for a walk

Author: WetAndMuddyFun

*000*2018-12-24 07:16

I was out for a walk this evening and and short time after smoking a joint I could feel a slight urge of needing to pee. I ignored the feeling as I was walking along a very busy road and I had to get to the store to buy my last Christmas gift. So as I was leaving Tim Hortons after getting the gift I could still feel a slight urge but not really that much so I decided that I would not stop myself and if the got to strong I would just let it happen no matter where I was on my walk home.

About a km away from home I decided to take a break and sit down on a bus bench for a quick rest and moments after sitting down I felt the urge to pee come back so I just relaxed and let go in my pants sitting there on a bus bench next to a very busy road and strip mall. It felt so nice to just relax and wet myself out in public like that. I then had to get up and continue to walk home but now with very wet jeans and boxer briefs. I wonder how many people noticed what I did. Just thinking about that is making me horny.

*005*2018-12-28 03:42

{{On 12/26/2018 at 2:17 PM, themerger said:

Wetting myself after a smoke is one of my favorite sensations! Happee Holidays indeed ? Did you encounter anyone specifically on the walk home, or were there just cars passing by?

}}

I had lots of cars pass by while walking home and also had a vehicle pull into a parking spot and the driver get out of the car as I walked past and I was fully illuminated by the cars headlights. I also had to walk past a few people and made sure to look them in the eyes and say hello as I walked past.

{{On 12/26/2018 at 4:35 PM, undoing said:

Loved your story, sounded like a hell of a lot of fun. Wetting sitting down is a fantastic feeling to me, but I don't have the courage to try peeing in public like this... maybe some day.

}}

It definitely is super fun and feels way more naughty wetting out in public. I highly recommend you give it a try sooner rather than later. The first time is always the hardest I found.

Here are a few pics from my walk.

&&

&&

&&

