Drunk Truth Or Dare

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-09-30 16:38

So with the help of a friend, I thought of a good idea to see if Emily has the same fetish or not as me. Firstly, I want to put this out there that:

I did not force her nor try to force her to do anything piss related

This was not a manipulation tactic that I used on her

My goal was to see how she would respond to my question

With that being said, on with the story. Emily is a drinker, and occasionally I am too, but not as much as Emily. Emily is your typical “party” college girl, she drinks, smokes weed sometimes, etc. Basic shit like that. She usually goes out every weekend partying, sometimes she invites me along, but now that I’ve moved in with her, I tag along more frequently. Tonight, she decided to throw a small party with 3 other people in our apartment. Someone even brought over Cards Against Humanity which was a lot of fun! We were all drinking, Emily the most. I think it had to do with the fact that she didn’t have to drive home, so she was drinking a bit more beer than normal. She had a buzz on by the end of Cards Against Humanity, and I was slightly tipsy myself. I only had about 3 beers for the night altogether, and decided to drink water afterwards.

Don’t get me wrong, by the way- we’re not stupid. We drink to get drunk, especially Emily, but we’re responsible when we do. Hangovers fucking suck as I’m sure anyone can agree, so we always drink water between drinks to stay hydrated. After Cards Against Humanity was finished, we all sat around just chatting for a little bit, and then someone said, “So what game are we gonna play now?”

Everyone sat around in silence trying to think of what game we should do. I peeped up, “how about truth or dare?” I heard a few grumbles and saw a few eyes roll, and someone said, “we’re not in middle school, Molly,” but Emily looked up and said, “I’m down for that, actually. Like a...drunk truth or dare...thing….” and trailed off giggling. So finally, everyone agreed to it, and we started playing it. It was actually a lot of fun! There were some really funny dares, some sort of romantic dares, like “I dare you to kiss the last person you spoke to”, some gross ones, like “I dare you to sit in the trash can for a whole round” and things like that. I saw Emily cross her legs at one point, which my immediate thought for when I see that, is that someone needs to pee, especially if they have been drinking a lot of liquid, like Emily has. So, my gears got turning.

Emily asked me, “truth or dare?”, which I said truth to. The last dare Emily dared me to do, resulted in me having to twerk in front of everyone. “Okay, what’s your biggest secret?” she asked. My heart stopped for a second. By biggest secret is that I have a fetish that people will think is gross. Of course, everyone was drunk, so the odds that they would judge me or even remember the next morning was slim, but I didn’t want to risk it.

I joked, “if it’s my biggest secret, I plan to keep it that way, Emily!”

“Come on, Molly...tell us your deepest, darkest, dirtiest secret!” Emily said. I can’t think on the spot, so I said, “Can I switch to a dare?”

“Fine…” she said, looking through a website that had a list of dares. “But I’m gonna do a really evil one because you switched…”

My dare? To give a topless lap dance to Emily’s friend’s boyfriend. His girlfriend eyeballed me the entire time, but before anything bad happened, the boyfriend let out a huge belch, making everyone shriek with laughter, to which I quickly put my shirt back on and sat down.

I was a little embarrassed, but I started plotting my next move. It got to be my turn. I turned to Emily. “Emily...truth or dare?”

She sat there, thought for a drunken minute, and simply said, “Dare.”

“Okay...because you did an evil dare to me, I’m gonna do an evil dare to you…”

“Oh boy,” Emily laughed.

“I dare you….to pee your pants.” The room pretty much shook with laughter from all sides of the question, and Emily laughed the most. She looked at me, and said, “are you serious?”

“Oh, Emily, I am dead serious….payback’s a bitch,” I said. Emily stared at me, looked around the room, and said, “I’m not gonna piss myself in front of a bunch of people!”

I was going to dare her something else because I didn’t want to pressure her into it, but everyone else in the room started to. “Emily, don’t be a pussy! She just did a fucking lapdance on my boyfriend, so she has every right to dare you that! You have to…” the girl said.

Emily must have realized she was outnumbered or something, but finally agreed. My heart started pounding in my chest. “I have to pee anyways!” She laughed.

I started walking toward her closet to grab a towel to put underneath her, but someone called out, “Molly, where are you going? She’s about to start!” I quickly ran back into the kitchen, and she decided to stand on the tiled floor and do her dare. I peeped up about a towel so there wouldn’t be a mess, but no one listened to me.

“I can’t believe I’m about to pee my pants in front of everyone!” Emily giggled, stumbling. Emily was wearing a pair of faded skinny jeans, with a black hoodie on.

“Just get it over with!” the girl said.

Emily stood there for about a minute, and it got really quiet. The silence was interrupted when everyone started laughing because Emily’s crotch got dark and wet. Fast. I sat there in shock. Piss fucking FLEW down the fronts of her legs and thighs. A puddle underneath her feet grew fast. Her socks got drenched from the puddle. Everyone cheered and laughed, Emily laughed too, but stared at her legs the entire time. When she was done, she looked at me and joked, “I hate you so much Molly!”

I sat there, in literal shock. Like I couldn’t believe it. I still can’t believe it, and I’m laying in bed right now typing this out, and I literally can’t believe it happened. Holy shit. The girl’s boyfriend was sitting next to me, so it was technically his turn, and he blurted out, “ I dare Emily to sit in her clothes for the rest of the game!” Technically he didn’t ask “truth or dare” for all of you professional truth or dare-ers out there, but Emily subjected to it. We didn’t play much longer anyways. Only like 2 or 3 more people went after that, and seeing everything that had happened was making me more and more horny. I ended up cutting the game short by saying, “I don’t mean to sound rude, but I’m actually really tired, and I think I’m gonna go to bed.”

Everyone said goodbye to one another, and the girl and her boyfriend walked to their apartment a few apartments over from our’s. The other friend walked home to her dorm, about a few minutes away from our apartment. By the time I closed the door after walking everyone out and making sure everyone seemed fine to make it home on their own, I walked back into the kitchen, only to see Emily passed out at the table. I woke her up, and helped walk her to her bed. I decided that I would just clean up all of the messes made from the party the next morning. Including that little extra mess made from Emily ;)

###

So I was going to post this last night, but I decided I would give an update on what happened afterwards. So I helped walk Emily to her bed, she literally passed out right on her bed and was out like a light. I typed all of the above in bed, and right after I ended up just fingering myself, and I was going to go to sleep, but then I just decided to do something I haven’t really done in a while. Considering the fact I hadn’t peed all night long and had to go, I got out of bed, threw on a pair of leggings, walked into the bathroom and peed in the shower. It felt amazing. I haven’t actually done a deliberate wetting by myself alone in a long time. My leggings were drenched by the time I finished. I tore them off, threw them in the laundry and went to bed.

I woke up the next morning somewhat early. I was up before Emily, so I did a little bit of homework in bed while eating my breakfast. I looked at Emily; she was in the same position that she was in when she collapsed in bed, and her pants were still kind of wet looking. They weren’t as wet as the night before, but I’ll admit it, I felt her pant leg while she was asleep and it was damp and was stained. Finally, Emily woke up, stirred for a minute, and rolled onto her back. She lied there for a minute. I said good morning, she mumbled it back tiredly. She sleepily asked, “is everyone from the party gone?”

“Yes, Emily, everyone went home okay,” I said. She lied there for a minute more, and when she started to sit up, she touched her legs, and gasped. She looked at the mess that she made in her pants, and I casually just said, “what’s wrong?”

“Ew! I wet the bed! Ugh this is so gross!!”

“Emily, you didn’t wet the bed, that was from last night,” I said.

“What?”

“You peed your pants last night, remember?” I said.

“Vaguely…” she mumbled, and got out of bed.

“I’ll show you,” I said. We walked into the kitchen, and the puddle was still there on the floor.

“What the fuck even happened last night?” she said.

“You got dared to pee your pants, Emily,” I said.

“Oh my god, that’s so fucking gross! I vividly remember it, but I don’t really remember much from the end of the night,” Emily said. “And ugh! Everyone saw that happen?”

“Yeah but I’m sure no one really remembers,” I said.

She threw her clothes in the laundry basket and jumped in the shower. She came out, mopped up the puddle, and started to do laundry. She came back into the kitchen and said, “Molly, I know they’re about to be washed but I’m sorry...I put my jeans on your leggings and when I went to put your leggings in the wash, they were damp when I touched them. I didn’t mean to put my jeans on your leggings and do that to them, sorry…”

I told her that I didn’t care. I didn't want her to know that the pants were already wet before she put them in. She spoke about it a lot afterwards throughout the morning, and keeps saying how embarrassed she is from it. Nothing really else happened after. Sorry about the really long story, guys, hope you enjoyed it, I know I did. :)

