Girls what feels best for you when holding/wetting?

Author: Wetpillow

*000*2022-08-27 09:41

So basically I’m curious to know from your experience what have you tried that you think feels the best?

Be it a certain item of clothing or a towel or position you sat/stood/laid in? Or is it just the holding or the initial release?

*007*2022-09-17 07:57

@Emm_

Wow the hand pressed to help hold it sounds seriously hot!! Does that actually help holding it? That mixed with letting it go could make for some fun times!

*008*2022-09-17 08:04

@petitewonder

The little leaks while you relax and do other things sound like a great thing to do, how long will you allow yourself to do little leaks for?

*010*2022-09-28 18:55

{{On 9/6/2022 at 7:58 PM, Global said:

It drives me insane when it runs down my legs }}

Ahhh yeah that’s where it’s at 👌but are we talking about full bladder release or little bit at a time?

*011*2022-09-28 19:01

{{On 9/20/2022 at 3:13 AM, petitewonder said:

Until my bladder gives up tbh lol.

}}

Oh ok so how much leakage would you expect before it gives out?

*012*2022-09-28 19:03

{{On 9/5/2022 at 4:50 AM, Mariomo said:

I prefer holding it, I think peeing is both boring and emotionally a let-down.

I love holding in skirts, but that is because I only wear skirts. I love experimenting with a full bladder and trying different outfits, challenges, pastimes, and activities while I hold it. I am trying to learn to hold it longer, to much success. I also like to look at my bladder bulge, and feel it as it gets bigger.

}}

That’s interesting hadn’t really considered that the holding could be more enjoyable than the feeling of relief/wetness but it’s good to have different inputs and ideas so thanks!!

Can you explain what you mean by peeing is an emotional let down??

*016*2022-10-04 23:38

{{On 10/2/2022 at 1:30 AM, Anja said:

After my experience, it does not. It's an illusion, but it's a good one. Touching my crotch with a full bladder always feels good.

}}

Care to share your experience? 😝

{{On 10/3/2022 at 10:41 PM, petitewonder said:

Idk it kind of varies lol. On how much water I've had to drink, on whether or not I can regain control fast enough. Usually it's like, a little trickle or two, and I try to tighten my muscles but I can't tighten them fully as I'm doing other things. Then it can be a few larger gushes and then just full on release. It's difficult to simulate this in a 100% non-controlled way but I've been successful or nearly so a few times.

}}

Would you be willing to give one a try and share how it goes?

{{22 hours ago, blakgrlmajic91 said:

For me it’s best in tights…easier to hold myself and I like the that the leg movement is more prominently displayed in tights. I don’t like wetting my clothes but I do often leak. I prefer to be sitting. I can hold it longer that way and delay getting dramatic.

}}

So for you is the wetting not the part you desire the most?

*018*2022-10-05 23:24

{{1 hour ago, petitewonder said:

Lol I mean I have in the last couple of days. For whatever reason, when I'm doing any kind of somewhat physical task, my body doesn't want to cross its legs. But if I'm just focused on holding, that's basically all I'm doing in addition to tightening my muscles. And so, little spurts will come out unexpectedly, before I try to regain control. But, now that the pee has found an exit, subsequent escaping pee comes out in larger gushes. Idk why this happens exactly, but then I start moving more, like stepping from foot to foot or moving my hands frantically, as if somehow that will help, and when I get to that stage, I then can no longer complete tasks because all I'm focused on is holding. Usually, because I haven't been tightening my muscles this whole time and I've leaked, they are more relaxed than if I didn't have to go and then the floodgates open lmao.

}}

Ahhh I see, well thank you for sharing this, although it has got me wondering if this comes from a physiological or more of a psychological aspect 🤔 guess we’ll never know!

So maybe a little cheeky but how would you feel about sharing a few pictures of your leaks as you go through and one of the end result?

*021*2022-10-07 00:02

{{3 hours ago, petitewonder said:

I'm not comfortable posting pictures of myself online lol But hey, a lot of people are and that's cool too!

}}

Well that’s ok, I know where you’re coming from! I’m just glad you’re happy to share your opinions with us all!!

