First Adult Incontinence Product Wetting

Author: Wettkitty

*000*2018-04-18 00:35

My curiosity got the better of my with these products. With some encouragement, from a dear friend on here, I purchased some pull-ups today. I knew if the sensations were anything like wetting my panties and jeans, I’d be in love.

I was quite desperate when I slipped the first one on. It only took a few minutes for me to completely flood it! The sensations of warmth spreading across my crotch was incredible. Just what I was hoping for. I changed into another and slowly peed in it once, when the urge struck again. The second urge came with a flooding. I stepped into the tub as I began to feel warm trickles run down my legs. I quickly pleasured myself as I was beyond aroused.

This first will not be a last!! Thank you, dear friend, for your encouragement!

$$

$$

$$

*003*2018-04-18 01:15

{{32 minutes ago, hoimi said:

Lovely!

What brand did you buy?

}}

Thanks!

These were a cheaper brand called assurance. Wasn’t sure I’d like it so didn’t want to spend too much money until I knew.

{{32 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

Wow, great job!! Looks like you totally soaked yourself!

It's an incredible experience. So warm and wet. Mmmmmn

}}

Thanks!

*005*2018-04-18 01:31

{{11 minutes ago, talks2much said:

Nice, glad you had fun! maybe you'll have to get some AB/DL style diapers to try :-)

}}

Thanks! Can you recommend any brands?

*007*2018-04-18 03:01

{{1 hour ago, talks2much said:

I think the M4 is pretty popular or the Carousel from https://www.theabdlshop.com/

}}

Thanks so much!

*010*2018-04-18 17:41

{{13 hours ago, talks2much said:

No problem, those diapers should be way nicer than pull ups & you will be able to pee in them a few times before you need to change. Hopefully though they won't take over from wetting your pants, the big wet patch in your jeans is still hotter than a soaked diaper!

}}

I worries!!!i enjoy wetting my jeans too much to stop!!

{{11 hours ago, ews21 said:

If you want a more easily accessible pull ups, ie you can get it in a store, tena makes a good one that can hold a full bladder release and gets huge. Always makes Discreet which are good and usually dont leak.

}}

Thanks so much for the info!

