My Desperate Bus Trip

Author: whyhaveto

*000*2012-02-29 19:39

Hey all,

I've been wanting to contribute here for quite some time, but I haven't had the time until now to do so. This is my first time writing, so I'd love some feedback :) hope you enjoy it!

This happened to me last year heading home on a 6 hour bus drive home after a national tour (wont say what or who with). I had a gig the night before and had a night out afterwards, so i was pretty tired come the morning. 

I was wearing a black pants, and a purple v-neck t-shirt I had a small breakfast, with tea, along with my ritualistic pint of water upon waking up. I then left the hostel and headed to the bus station on my lonesome, buying a liter of water along the way.

When i got to the bus station, i made sure to go to the bathroom before getting on the bus, despite the fact that i didn't particularly need to...

This all changed when i felt the first minor twinge 30 minutes into the journey (and over half the bottle) that I was going to be in for a long trip until the rest-stop, halfway through the bus journey. I decided to strike up a conversation with two American tourists sitting across from me to take my mind off it, and the next two hours flied by without too much attention on my bladder (they were both drop-dead gorgeous). This, however, lead to a problem: I had drank the rest of my water in the mean time (it was quite warm)

The next half an hour was uncomfortable to say the least, but I made it to the rest-stop. I rushed off the bus to get to the bathroom to release my ever-filling bladder, only to find the mens room to be locked! "I'm trapped in an omo-cliché" I thought to myself...I, defeated, headed back to the bus. I was concerned that i might not be able to wait another 3 hours. Soon after i got in, everyone else started filing back into the bus. I squeezed my legs together, as reality hit my bladder, detesting the fact that it was gonna be in for a 3 hour struggle home by sending an urgent message, in the form of a shock-wave of pressure against the muscle it would torment until the growing volume of liquid would be violently released. 

After the wave passed, I resumed my conversation with the two women, in a desperate attempt to shift my attention off my pulsing bladder. An hour in, the conversation seemed to slowly but surely die, as more and more of my concentration was demanded by my bursting bladder. I simply had to cross my legs intermittently, and lean forward every now and then to contain the urge to release the torrents of liquid ready to explode from my pain-stricken body. One hour to go- and the pressure was becoming unbearable! Over the next half hour of overwhelming demands, i began to consider giving in to temptation and absolutely soaking the seat. I was wearing black pants- who would notice?

But then we passed a town 30-40 mins away from my destination. I decided I was determined to hold it until I got to the bus station. It was too risky to wet on the bus :/ We began driving past a river for a few miles, which increased the pressure no end, and my previous attempts at being discrete about my need to pee. As each minute passed, I passed the boundaries of desperation that i never thought i could experience. I had wet myself before, and each time i was desperate, but this was - by far and away - the most desperate i had ever been in my life.

As we reached the outskirts of the city, i was completely knotted trying to prevent any leak from happening. But then it happened... 5 minutes away from the bus station- fighting tooth and nail to hold it- i looked down, closed my eyes, and clenched my pants hard at the side (not my #@!:, as that would have drawn too much attention- a no no even at this stage) as a violent spurt forced its way through my tortured urethra, through my boxers, and into my pants, wetting my thighs. i managed to stop the flow after a second or two. i slowly opened my eyes to realize that the wetness was not visible on my black pants!

The wave of relief i felt that i wasn't going to be found out almost induced a repeat performance- one that i had to instantly fight to stay in control... during all of this struggle, we had made it to the bus station! I gingerly got up from the seat - bent over 45 degrees - and carefully made my off the bus. each step was torture, as i moved closer and closer to the sweet relief of the bathroom... I then approached the stairs, and realized i could never separate my legs far enough to climb the stairs without releasing the vast amount of pee dying to come out, soaking myself, and forming a huge puddle at the foot of the stairs. Luckily for me, however, there was an elevator nearby.

I hobbled over to it, and pressed the call button. It was kind of secluded, which was great, as i could not fight off another urge, as another spurt came, and ran down my leg. Things were now dire! I struggled into what felt like the longest elevator ride of my life, and slowly, with my legs clamped together, made the short "walk" to the bathroom. My bladder screamed at me as i walked through the door, and it took the most discipline i've exerted in my entire life to not give in that second- but i made it to the closest urinal, now quickly, all the while a small stream running down my leg, and into my right sock. 

I unzipped, and pulled out my cock, and finally, the dam burst. I left out an audible sigh, as my bladder released at a rate i had never imagined possible- splashing wildly from the urinal- but i didn't care. The ongoing relief made me shudder in pleasure, and made my knees weak. I stood there for a good two minutes, as pee jetted out unrelentingly. It then began to slow, to a stream, and then a dribble, as i realized i was alone, and that i was breathing quite heavily. That was fortunate, as when i finished, another urge hit me. But thats a story for another day ;)

