My new jeans experience

Author: warmsuprize

*000*2016-06-11 12:49

Hi all wetsuprize here again. My partner bought me some new jeans the other day and we went out a day later to try them out and I must say it was fun. I peed in them 3 times in public and even walked around like it as we headed home. It was a thrilling experience for me and one that I thought I'd be nervous about, if anything my partner was more nervous at first but began to relax after a while. I think he was worried what some people might think as it's still such a taboo in England. It does make it more exiting but at the same time nerve wracking as you can get fined for something that is natural to do.

We accomplished so much that day as we had been talking for a while about me doing it at a train station. I really did enjoy it. Its the feeling of being free and powerful that I like and walking home in the said wet jeans felt so good. We did have a spare change of clothes but my partner wanted to be a dare devil so refused to let me change which I didn't mind as didn't want to. I secretly had a big smile on my face as he said no to me getting changed. We did get a few grunts of disapproval as we walked back to the station which riled me up even more. Since being with my partner warmsuprize it's been a rollercoaster of fun and frolics and my feelings for him grow everyday. This is the first time he let me pee myself 3times and told him if we had stayed out longer I would of done more as by this point was getting a bit carried away. I'm so happy I met him and look forward to the many more years of fun times we have ahead of us.

*001*2016-06-11 13:26

I also enjoyed the sound my new jeans made when I walked home and they rubbed together

*003*2016-06-12 13:13

Hi pstain good to hear from you again. I was talking to my partner warmsuprize about this and yes you are right about the law there. When I read about it I must of got a bit confused about what it meant. I'm sure though if a policeman saw me they may have a go or just ignore it. It's just that it's frowned upon here which makes it that much more exciting to do. When we got on the train my partner gave me his bag to cover myself with incase we got told off by the conductor. Knowing me though if that had happened I probably would of giggled and told him accidents happen lol.

Anyways thanks once again for your nice compliments and there will be more to follow.

*005*2016-06-13 11:30

Hi dampknickers

It is satisfying isn't it? The first time I found they didn't soak very well but on my second and third wetting they soaked up so well. I have yet to wet everything I own as my partner warmsuprize loves me wetting in my jeans and being able to see the wet patch but still it's a different sensation in a dress especially without tights as you can feel it run down your legs more. It's nice to meet you and will enjoy swapping stories with a fellow wetter.

Regards wetsuprize

*007*2016-06-16 09:55

{{On 14/06/2016 at 9:53 PM, wetset2015w said:

I broke in my new jeans and wet them as well. It started out as an innocent tiny spurt but that opened up the Omo dam, so to speak. Walking back in damp undies made me want to do more. I let a bit more out, creating a wet spot on my jeans. It was dark outside and not very populated in the village so I just relaxed and let a lot more out. I was so turned on that I just pushed and peed as hard as I could, listening to the loud hiss it made as I peed until I was empty. I finished right about the same time I arrived at the house. It felt great.

}}

All I can say is wow that sounds so sexy. I get turned on just by holding it and the amazing feeling I then get from releasing my pee is something else. I love the loud hiss pee makes especially in a fresh diaper and having that warm feeling spread all around the bum and how it stays warmer for longer. My partner is going to be repotty train me from next tuesday that should be fun lol

Regards wetsuprize

*009*2016-06-16 13:47

{{On 14/06/2016 at 9:53 PM, wetset2015w said:

I broke in my new jeans and wet them as well. It started out as an innocent tiny spurt but that opened up the Omo dam, so to speak. Walking back in damp undies made me want to do more. I let a bit more out, creating a wet spot on my jeans. It was dark outside and not very populated in the village so I just relaxed and let a lot more out. I was so turned on that I just pushed and peed as hard as I could, listening to the loud hiss it made as I peed until I was empty. I finished right about the same time I arrived at the house. It felt great.

}}

All I can say is wow that sounds so sexy. I get turned on just by holding it and the amazing feeling I then get from releasing my pee is something else. I love the loud hiss pee makes especially in a fresh diaper and having that warm feeling spread all around the bum and how it stays warmer for longer. My partner is going to be repotty train me from next tuesday that should be fun lol

Regards wetsuprize

{{3 hours ago, wetset2015w said:

Thanks for the comments. I agree, I especially love both the feeling and the sound of the hiss as it fully sprays into my pants. That is great about the repotty training. Let us know how that goes. I'd love to hear the outcome.

}}

You are very welcome up until I met my partner I never knew about this site im so glad I found it. I've met some lovely people here who don't make you feel bad for doing these things that we get told are wrong and disgusting to do from a young age. I will let you know how it goes. No doubt there'll be a few accidents.

*012*2016-09-15 17:09

{{On 19/08/2016 at 1:14 PM, PStain said:

I haven't seen you around in a while. I hope you're both OK.

}}

Hi we are both well. We have been very busy and a lot has been going on. Council have finally started to help us and I'm now expecting. We have still been having fun just haven't got round to doing more recordings as of yet once we get used to where we are we will add more videos. Good to hear from you.

*013*2016-09-15 17:11

{{On 20/08/2016 at 1:26 PM, wetset2015w said:

Yes. I'm great. Work has kept me busy. My girlfriend has been visiting this week so I've been showing her all the sites. You should my recent posting about last night. We had an incredible time and I posted about it. How are you doing? Any wettings on your end?

}}

Hi sorry haven't kept in touch life has been tough of late but going to be around again soon. We have still been having fun just not managed to do any videos of late. Hope your well

