Join me for a big hold!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-11-17 19:26

Just poured myself a 500 ml (2 cups) mug of green tea, and also filled my 1 litre water bottle to the brim. I'm gonna see if I can drink it all before wetting myself! Excited for folks to join 🙂

*002*2022-11-17 19:31

{{1 minute ago, Seifer69 said:

Good luck

It's been a long time since you last held on here!!

}}

It has! work has been so busy 😞 but I've had a few good stories I've written about, def still been staying wet

*004*2022-11-17 19:36

And tea is done! Just put on a pair of leggings with a light fluffy lining, so I bet theyll absorb a lot of pee, when the time comes that is😈

Bladder is still chilling at a pleasant 4 or 5, but this tea has yet to hit it haha

Just had a good several gulps of my water bottle as well, definitely hoping to stretch my bladder to its limits 🙂

*006*2022-11-17 19:43

Any challenges?

*008*2022-11-17 19:49

{{1 minute ago, Seifer69 said:

No holding yourself

}}

No problem yet.

I'm playing some rain sounds and I've now drank about 1/3 of my 1 litre bottle, plus the 2 cups of tea

I'm feeling some light pressure, maybe a 5/10 but nothing too intense yet

*010*2022-11-17 19:53

{{2 minutes ago, Seifer69 said:

I think you can handle another litre

Not all at once though

}}

The plan is to finish my whole water bottle - that plus the tea would be 1.5 litres

*012*2022-11-17 19:56

I'm waiting for what I've drank so far to hit me more, I'm up to a 6 now - the urge is impossible to ignore but not difficult to hold yet.

Feels like a nice warm pressure

*014*2022-11-17 20:03

{{5 minutes ago, Seifer69 said:

A 6 already? You're going to be desperate soon

}}

That's the goal! should I have more water now, or wait for the urge to get worse first

*016*2022-11-17 20:07

I'm doing pretty well so far, just squirmy. I'm gonna try laying on my stomach and see how much harder that makes things

Wow that almost made me leak, had to grab myself all of a sudden. gonna celebrate not leaking by drinking another quarter of my water bottle

*018*2022-11-17 20:28

My bladder's starting to bulge, I just had 3 huge mouthfulls of my water bottle, there's probably only about 200 ml left in there now. squirming like crazy, nearing an 8/10

I decided to wait to do the 3 second spurt until what I just drank hits me, I'm gonna be DYING

*021*2022-11-17 20:40

Leaking intermittently now, but still holding on! Being this worked up is making me miss my girlfriend lol 😞 we're currently in different cities

*023*2022-11-17 20:43

Just lost a biiiiiig leak

I think its only a matter of time now

