Experiencing My Wife Fully Lose Control On Kitchen Floor

Author: willbill

*000*2019-12-26 15:27

I've been a long time reader but figured its time to join discussions as well as share some of my true experiences.

So, I will start with probably the hottest experience I have witnessed and been part of. I'm a pretty lucky guy in that my wife has probably the smallest bladder I've ever seen, which results in frequent leaks and doing a cute pee dance. With this there have been a several full accidents I have experienced in our few years together.

The account I am going to share happened about a year ago. My wife was pouring a glass of water in our kitchen and for some reason had no pants or underwear on, just a shirt. Anyhow, she wasn't paying attention while pouring water from a pitcher into a glass and completely missed the glass. Upon pouring water all over the table, she starts laughing about it hysterically. All of a sudden she said "I'm going to pee myself" and crouched down towards the floor, as this usually stops it when she does this, and initially did this time as well. She then stood up and said "I'm good now", but then a few seconds later started laughing even more hysterically about pouring the water on the table instead of the glass. She crouched down right away, saying she was peeing herself. 

As this happened, I saw a brief squirt come out between her legs. A brief few seconds later she remained crouched down and said "I'm going to pee myself. I can't hold it." I reached down to put my hand by her bare pussy, and immediately I felt the full hose let loose. She frantically said "I can't hold it. It won't stop" as my hand felt her try to stop several times. It just continued to pulsate between stopping for a second but then releasing full force each time and finally going into a full stream until she was done, with me being lucky enough to feel the whole thing with as my finger was pressed against her pee hole the entire time.

It ended with a huge puddle on the floor, which I cleaned up right away, but this was an outright amazing experience.

