Nail Salon Desperation

Author: wetspandex19

*000*2017-12-31 16:14

I’m still new on here so I apologize if I’m not great at writing stories yet but I have enjoyed reading everyone else’s so I thought I should contribute what happened to me last week. As a background I’m 5’5” 135 pounds and a gymnast so I’m pretty athletically built. I have brown hair & hazel eyes and I was wearing black skinny jeans, tall black boots, no panties, and a cream sweater. Anyways, it was a pretty typical morning and I had not planned on holding today. I got up, got ready and went to work as a receptionist for my half day shift. I drank two 32 oz water bottles throughout my shift. It was only a half day so I was leaving work at noon.

I didn’t realize I had to pee as it was a busy day until I stood up and walked outside into the cold. Even so I was only about a 6/10 which isn’t bad at all so I decided not to go back inside to pee and instead headed to the salon where I was meeting my friend to get our toes done. I grabbed a 24 oz Red Bull Italian soda from my favorite coffee shop on the way as a pick me up. When I arrived I had planned on using the bathroom before I sat down in the massage chair but when I walked in the lady motioned me over to the chair next to the one Katie was already sitting in. I was too shy to ask to be shown to the bathroom when she seemed to be in a hurry and didn’t speak great English.

I sat down and figured I would be desperate but I could definitely make it through the 30-40 minute pedicure. I finished off my red bull pretty quickly. My desperation was growing faster than I thought and the nail technicians had not even gotten too us yet. They were just letting us wait in the massage chairs with our feet soaking in the hot water. I could feel every movement of the massage chair in my bladder but didn’t turn it off knowing Katie would be suspicious if I turned it off. I’ve always wanted to tell her about my fetish but never have been able to so I didnt want her to know how badly I had to pee.

My desperation was a 7-8/10 and just as I was going to work up the courage to ask for a towel to dry my feet so I could go pee the woman sat in front of my chair and asked my color and got too work. I turned my massage chair off at this point as the vibrations on my bladder were too much. I enjoy holding usually but did not want to have a public accident. My sweater covered the button and zipper portion of my jeans so I was able to unbutton my jeans while Katie was choosing a color and not paying attention to me. 

This provided a little bit of relief. Still I was fighting the urge to squirm in my chair and I was starting to get sweaty palms as I do when I get really desperate and nervous I might not be able to hold it. Each time she had me move a foot in and out of the water I shifted a little to hold it in. I wasn’t wearing panties so I knew any leak would show on my jeans. Finally she was putting the top coat on my nails. Unfortunately it’s winter here so I knew I would be stuck for awhile longer since my toes had to completely dry to go back in boots.

Katie had finished about ten minutes before me and she was getting her fingernails done also so she was now at a station across the room and my nail tech was gone so I allowed myself one quick grab under my jeans and also undid the zipper. I would say I was at an 8/10 now and that grab also turned me on so now I was extremely desperate in public and turned on. Oh how I wished I could make it home so I could have more fun with it but I thought there was no way I could make it home. Finally she told me I could put my shoes on and motioned me to the counter to pay. I shifted side to side on my feet hoping it wasn’t noticeable and quickly gave them my card. I said a quick goodbye to Katie and headed out into the lobby where the bathroom they shared with other businesses were located across the hall. As soon as I was in the hall I could finally hold myself as no one was around. I reached the bathroom finally and reached for the door but it was locked.

I knocked and heard a woman’s voice say occupied. I knew I couldn’t just stand there pee dancing in the hall so I headed to my car. As soon as the cold air hit me a small spurt shot into my jeans. I quickly got in the car knowing it would be a short 10 minute drive home and I could make it. I sat on a hand size towel I keep in my car to clean up spills or anything. Knowing I could not ruin my seats I could only let out one or two spurts on the small towel. I shoved my right hand in my jeans as I pulled out and surprisingly the pressure helped a lot. Continuing to hold and massage with my right hand I realized how turned on I was but knew that finishing would mean instantly peeing myself. I cannot cum with a full bladder and not release it.

So I took my hand away and continued squirming in my seat for the last few minutes. As soon as I pulled into the driveway I jumped out of the car and did a pee dance trying to wait for the garage to open. Another long leak came out. I ran holding myself to the bathroom I couldn’t even get my pants down before I started peeing walking into the bathroom so I got into the bathtub as it streamed out of me. It felt so good to let go I couldn’t help but massaging my sore bladder and then clit as I peed in my jeans until I had one of the best climaxes I’ve ever had. I was just happy I made it out of the nail salon and didn’t ruin my car seats.

Thanks for reading everyone! I would love to here your feedback so I can use it in future stories since this was my first one :)

