House to myself (half) day 2: no toilet day

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-08-11 19:41

Just got home from work, I was in person today, so for the rest of my afternoon and evening I'm planning to do a no toilet day. Title is pretty self explanatory, no using the toilet for pee! I can wet myself, pee outside, anywhere I want as long as its not in the toilet. I may still wet myself on the toilet a few times for ease of clean up (because I'm anticipating a lot of puddles around the house), but if I do, I'll be leaving my clothes on.

Just had 16oz of fluids

*002*2022-08-11 19:47

I'm also planning to put my overalls or jeans from yesterday back on at some point later to rewet after leaving them to dry out in the sun! Sadly there were no pee stains, I guess I had enough water that my pee was too diluted to leave any, or maybe the sun bleached them. They definitely smell a bit though lol

{{1 minute ago, Wetlaura said:

Oh nice!! Have fun! You should definitely wet outside! What will the outfit be for today?

}}

Just have black work shorts on and I wet them a little as soon as I got home so I'm gonna keep them on for a bit

*004*2022-08-11 20:04

Currently sitting in the sun in my backyard reading a good book with warm shorts and damp legs, waiting for my bladder to refill. I was planning to just let go whenever I felt the urge today but a little desperation sounds kinda nice right now.

*005*2022-08-11 20:27

Just laid on my stomach and relaxed my bladder in the grass. 10/10. So much for waiting to be desperate haha, I was just too comfy I guess

*007*2022-08-11 20:30

{{Just now, Wettishfettish said:

How wet is everything now?

}}

My shorts are pretty soaked! So is a patch of the grass and there's a puddle on my concrete flagstones. I need to take my dog for a walk soon and I'm thinking I'll get myself desperate or close first, enough that I know I won't make it home without having an accident or at least some leaks.

*009*2022-08-11 20:48

{{20 minutes ago, Wetlifter37 said:

Just laid on my stomach and relaxed my bladder in the grass. 10/10. So much for waiting to be desperate haha, I was just too comfy I guess

}}

Didn't catch the original wetting but here are the last few dribbles

%grasslands.mp4

*013*2022-08-11 21:59

{{13 minutes ago, Ronyo said:

The wind chimes are a nice addition.

}}

Haha I actually didn't notice that until after lmao, I think they're my neighbour's

*015*2022-08-11 22:55

Just came back from my walk. Made a drink I'd like to call The Bladder Buster beforehand: juice of a whole lemon (acidity is a bladder irritant), gin shot, 4 oz of sweetened cranberry juice (mild diuretic), 6 oz carbonated water (carbonation also makes you pee apparently). It tasted delicious (if you like sour drinks), and without fail, I lost control and leaked a big wet patch on my jeans by the time I got home, which you can see at the beginning if the video. Immediately went out to the backyard and released the rest of my bladder into my slightly drying jeans.

P.S. yes you can kinda see my feet, please don't comment on them, I'm not into that but I didn't want to get my shoes wet.

%outdoor .mp4

*017*2022-08-11 23:39

{{6 minutes ago, talks2much said:

Wow those jeans look amazing, love the first wet patch and then the full piss is awesome!

So you actually wet yourself while you were out on your walk?

}}

A little yeah, I went on a trail in the woods away from my house cuz I knew I was desperate enough that it would probably happen

*020*2022-08-11 23:49

{{1 minute ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Uh oh, seems like as punishment you should need to hold it until accident again. And you’ll probably want diapers for sleeping.

}}

I wassss until a minute ago I started leaking. I've been finding it harder not to leak these past couple days now that I know I can wet myself anywhere whenever I want.

*023*2022-08-12 00:04

{{11 minutes ago, talks2much said:

Oh dear! Are you still wearing the jeans you peed before?

}}

I had changed into something dry but I decided to put them back on to rewet them! Was very cool seeing the new wet spot mix into the old one

{{12 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Nope, not allowed. You will hold the rest back until your body literally can’t hold it anymore.

}}

Love this energy, unfortunately not what happened🤣 I lost it basically as soon as I put on those previously wet jeans

