Wife Made It Into The Bathroom... But Not To The Toilet

Author: willbill

*000*2021-11-01 22:56

Yesterday I once again was fortunate to experience (and feel) my wife not be able to hold her pee in as she ended up flooding her leggings on the bathroom floor. I was in the bathroom shaving and washing up late morning, and had the door locked due to it being a Sunday with the kids home. I heard someone walk up to the door but no knock initially, then about 15-20 seconds later I hear my wife knocking somewhat forcefully and saying "who's in there, I have to pee really bad.". (If course my ears perked up) as I responded right away that it was me and that it would be just a second to dry my hands, which within several seconds I was headed to the door as I heard "Hurry"!

As I unlocked and opened the door, she was standing there doing her full-on pee-pee dance - legs tightly crossed, one hand pressing towards her crotch, slightly bent forward, with knees bouncing up and down, saying "It just came on, so bad, about to pee myself". I quickly moved aside as she started to hurry in, but just a few steps inside the doorway, she froze with her legs crossed again, at most 3-4 feet from the toilet but enough room for me thankfully to quickly close and lock the door, as she stood there saying "I'm about to completely piss myself if I move.". She stood there for several seconds legs tightly crossed, bent forward slightly, and one hand again pressed towards her crotch but completely still, exhaling a couple breaths for a few seconds.

Then, as it usually goes as it gets worse, she crouched down towards the floor gasping out "need a second, really really trying to hold it". Knowing it's usually starting to dribble out if she crouches... It was my cue saying the first thing that came to my head in, "Here let me help you hold it in. It's coming out isn't it", to which she nodded "trying to pull it back in, I don't want to have to change". 

With that I literally had my hand down her leggings and panties almost instantly, feeling a slow steady trickle as I actually was trying to help her hold it initially until it spurted full force for a second right into my palm, then slowed for a few seconds until another stronger and longer spurt, then slowing it again, and a third that lasted about 3 seconds and went through my fingers with her saying "I can't hold it, about to pee myself, not going to be able to stop."

Before she ends up fully losing control it is super hot as hell as to feel her pussy spurt as she's trying to hold it in, so I tried to get her to make it to the toilet, as she just couldn't stop it, so that's when it's time to comfort and just tell her it's ok if she can't hold it and just let it go. She peed full force right into my hand and overflowing it for about 20 seconds forming a large puddle on the bathroom floor.

In almost every situation where she ends up having an unplanned genuine accident like this, and my hand is cupping her down there, she orgasms almost immediately while losing control and being told it's ok that it's ok if she can't hold it, to the she needs to go straight to the bedroom (well we both do), and locking the bathroom door from the outside to clean up afterwards.

