Could I get a little advice?

Author: Wettinglvr

*000*2023-09-27 10:01

Hey guys and girls,

To give a bit of background I've been into girls wetting themselves for as long as I can remember. I am male.

I've told some girls about this in the past and have always had a good experience.

The first girl I told wasn't into it exactly, but it turned her on how much it turned me on and hence divulged in it pretty freely, even wetting herself in public a few times. We were together a long time but ultimately it was a very unhealthy relationship and came to an end.

The second girl I told was a girl I met travelling. We only spent a day together as she was on her last day of her travels, but we continued to talk for a long time. We hadn't slept together but had done a bit more than just kissing when we met (she was a virgin at the time). I ultimately figured, this girl lives on the other side of the world. If I tell her and she does think i'm weird and even doesn't keep my secret, i'll never know so why not. I told her and she was interested by it but not willing to do it straight away. She eventually did wet her panties for me sending a video, she wasn't put off by it and we gradually moved up to shorts and then jeans and she eventually told me it actually really turns her on. She was very submissive and i'm very dominant, so the idea of me making her hold it and do something like that for me drove her crazy. 

Eventually we did meet again and we had a short period where we explored mine (and now hers) fetish together. It was amazing but we didn't want to do long distance and by the time we met eachother we were early stages of seeing other people that we thought might go somewhere so we haven't spoken since. She told me at the time that she felt she needed to be with someone who was into this though. That was so hot to me.

The third girl was a small fling, but she seems like a bit of a freak so I told her. She loved the idea of being dominated like this too so as we were making out I stopped her from going until she said fuck seriously i'm gonna wet myself, we went to the bathroom and she did. I asked her how it was and she said she loved all of it, especially the submissive side.

Now, where I need advice. The most recent girl I have told. We are in a relationship and I really like this girl. I told her quite early on as I knew I could trust her and I'd gotten quite comfortable with telling women, as to me the domination side plays a massive part both in omo and regular sex, so there's typically some kind of link there that a sub can connect too.

She took it well and wasn't put off but did admit it was different. She said she'd be down to do it at some point.

We were long distance for a while and one day when we were facetiming she said she had to pee, i said don't and to keep a long story short we had skype sex whilst i controlled her bladder. Eventually she was extremely desperate and I said I want you to wet yourself. She was hesitant but loves being told what to do, so she said okay. I told her to just wet her panties sitting on the toilet, to ease her in. She did and looked like she was somewhat enjoying it. She then went on to show me some angles of her wet panties, seeming like she was into what she was doing but suddenly the whole vibe changed and she admitted she felt a little weird. I spoke to her about it and she said she didn't dislike it but it felt weird after the sexual tension left the situation.

The second time I told her to send me a video. She obliged. I flirtatiously said aw you didn't show me the back 😉 as she stayed forward in the video and that seemed to upset her as she felt she'd "done it wrong" I reassured her she hadn't and the video was insanely hot.

The most recent time was similar to the first but this time she wet her jeans for me on facetime. The whole situation was so hot and she held for me when she was incredibly desperate as well. She didn't seem like she was uncomfortable, in a sexual sense at least 😉. She eventually took the camera to the bathroom and wet her jeans. I instructed her to show me her panties and then to start playing with herself, which she did. The camera dropped on the floor (it was propped up) and then she shortly after said the moment was gone and she then started to cry...

Now to be clear, we have a very open relationship in how we communicate and I naturally comforted her and she ultimately said I think i'd need to do this sort of thing in person as once the tension goes I just feel stupid. I totally understand that given this is new to her.

However, my issue is, as much as I love this, I obviously don't want a woman I love to be in tears because of something she's doing / done for me.

We're together now and no longer in a long distance set up and we've spoken about it. I've told her I'm almost scared to initiate anything like this as I don't want the previous situation to happen. She told me she wants to do it, but would still like me to initiate it as that "feeling of stupidity" would be there should she try to.

We've flirted with the idea since and I make her hold it for a while and we end up having sex and then I tell her she can go.

She seems up for trying it again with me, but I'm so concerned that if she does, it's gonna really upset her and I really don't want that.

How would you approach this? Some female perspective would be hugely appreciated as well.

Thank you :)

*008*2023-10-03 01:49

I really appreciate all the advice so thank you. I certainly do my best to make her feel sexy when she has done this sort of thing but it’s good to hear that I’m aiming in the right direction and it’s definitely not gonna harm anything by steering into that more.

I do have some good news though.

I got a little brave the night after sharing my post and when she said she was gonna go and pee I dragged her back. We flirted and made out for a while and she eventually asked me if she could go again. I said yes and she got up and went to pee. When she came back we kissed and I told her that I’ve been really craving this recently and I really want to see her wet herself. She said “okay just not tonight” which I agreed with as it was already quite late and I had work in the morning anyway, so it was never my goal, but without me saying another word she said “later this week”.

Fast forward to Saturday night and we met up with a couple of my friends for one of their birthday drinks. We got a little tipsy but nothing crazy and decided to head home early as we wound up discussing a more serious topic together about how we’re planning to move forward as I’m going to be going to her country soon (she’s currently in mine).

We got some food on the way and by the time we got home we’d spoken through everything we wanted/needed to talk about and we kissed very passionately as soon as we got in the door.

Things started getting heated and she said “let me go and pee first”. Remembering what she said earlier in the week I pulled her back saying “no. You’re gonna have to hold it for me like a good girl”. This turned her on and we continued kissing when she asked me to feed her some water. So she was laying back on the bed and I was pouring water into her mouth whilst she drank.

We had a film on in the background and we were semi watching it and I caught her starting to squirm a little. That was my que so I teased her for a while before eating her pussy, really taking my time to build her to orgasm. She came realllly hard twice and then we started to have sex. She was really desperate by this point and she could tell how much it was turning me on, saying she could feel how hard I was. I swear I’ve never had to try so hard not to come in my life cause I knew what could be coming if I didn’t 😂😂

After having some VERY slow sex for a while she looked me in the eye and pleased for me to let her go, calling me sir. I said I think you can hold it and she said “what happens if I wet myself?”

I took a risk and said “I’d have to punish you for being such a bad girl wouldn’t I?”

And she responded saying “I wanna be a bad girl for you… I want you to punish me”

So eventually we got up and went to the bathroom, climbed into the tub together and she wet her jeans with her arms wrapped around me. I kissed her and rubbed her pussy as she peed and she moaned into my neck.

I spun her round to check out her ass and she looked so sexy (which I made sure to tell her). I then unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down to see her panties and she then took her jeans off. I went to have sex with her but she said not here. This made me a little worried so I came out of “holy fuck this is the hottest woman I’ve ever come across mode” and into caring boyfriend and hugged her making sure she was okay. I put her jeans and underwear in the washing machine then went back to my room where she was waiting for me.

I spoke to her making sure she was okay and she assured me she was absolutely fine, she just didn’t want to have sex standing in her pee. I asked her how it was for her and she said it felt good, in a sexual way. I was so relieved and happy to hear that. I then explained I was worried she was upset cause she took her jeans off but she told me no and would have happily gone back to our bedroom wearing them. Once we’d had an in depth chat she then looked at me and said “you still haven’t come though” to which I said I hadn’t. And “do I need to be punished now?”

So I put her over my knee and spanked her a little and I was rock hard again in seconds. We fucked for what was probably about 2 minutes (lol) and I came so fucking hard.

Long story short she enjoyed her first time doing it together and whilst she said it will probably take a few more times to get used to it, it did turn her on.

Thanks for the advice again and I highly recommend those who are shy about your fetish, just communicate. You’ll be surprised what someone will do for someone they're in too.

P.S I’d love to try kinks of hers but she doesn’t seem to have any outside of sex in public places (I have asked her on multiple occasions) which is a pretty easy one for me to oblige with as I’m (evidently) a kinky motherfucker 😂😅

