Desperate in an unkown City

Author: Wet-Robert

*000*2023-08-26 12:17

That's my first Story, happened a few Weeks ago and I hope my English is not too bad, because I'm a native German speaker.

I went on Vacation, visiting a Country/City I've never been to before and already felt a bit Kinky. During my long Car-Drives, I intentionally drank a lot of Ice-Tea and just at the last Moment stopped at the Roadside and watered the Grass or Asphalt.

But back to the Story I want to tell. I visited a City and even before leaving for the Center

I already consumed Coffee and Water. When I arrived in the City Center I bought Ice-Tea and Water to fill up my Bladder, maybe I could have some fun later.

It only took some Minute to drink all of it (about 1,5l) then I proceeded to look around the Town, feeling my Bladder gradually filled up but slowly and in a Nice way.

After an Hour or so the urge suddenly became much bigger and I knew 20 Minute and I would need some pair of new dry Jeans-Shorts.

All of that Ice-Tea probably has reached my Bladder all at once, only Problem I didn't knew where the next Toilet is.

Although I like some wet pants from Time to Time, I still wanted to look around the City and needed to Take the public Bus back to my accommodation.

A quick google Search revealed that there was a public Urinal but it was to far to walk.

So I rented an E-Scooter and walked over to it, while all of the Pee inside of me was sloshing around.

I started the Navigation, about 10min Ride. At first the Ride was uneventful, but after a few minutes I had to stop and hold myself for a Moment to stop the flood. The hardest part where the last Meters, I already could see my destination which amplified my need but adding to all of it the Street changed to cobblestone. Every Stone send waves through my Body and multiple Spurts of pee into my Boxers.

After I reached the heaven like Urinal, I kicked the Stand out from the Scooter and hobbled the last Steps while holding myself to stop pee me from peeing my pants.

The last and maybe hardest Task was to open the Zipper of my pants, after several attempts without getting it down, I pulled my pants down hard and grabbed my already leaking Penis.

I aimed at the Metal of the pee gutter and had a near Orgasm experience.

I peed for a Minute straight and inspected the damage afterwards.

A damp Boxershort, some small dark spots on my Jeans that my long T-Shirt could hide and a wet Hand which I pissed on while pulling out me Penis.

But after this the Day had some more Adventures, which I might also post here.

*003*2023-08-28 21:01

{{On 8/28/2023 at 4:05 AM, Windows XPee said:

Love this! I look forward to hearing more of your adventures from that day, maybe even some accidents too?

}}

So, the thing is I went into this City at around 16:00 and in the morning I already did a hold and wet. I hold it for multiple hours, drank a lot of Water and Iced and at point I raced to the shower and let everything flow into my Jeans. It felt really nice, letting lose in the shower and warm up my Pants. After this It didn't took long, just a few touches and I also came into this pair.

But in the Afternoon and Evening Hours, apart from a lot of Spurts and close Calls, I mostly kept my Pants dry.

*004*2023-08-28 22:03

So, what happend after this Close Call? Did I learn my Lesson, stopped drinking so much and went to the toilet as soon as I saw one to be safe, like good Boy?

Of course not, because where would the fun be in it?

I took my E-Scooter again and drove around the City, exploring it and waiting what would come next.

There was probably still a lot of Ice-Tea in my Body, on the way down to my poor Bladder. But it was a Sunny and warm day and as it happens with me a lot, I got thirsty soon after I left the Toilet, where Part One of this Story took place. Maybe about 15 or 20 min has passed when I park the Scooter at the Sidewalk. I pulled out my phone, lock it up and took a photo for the Rental-Company to show that I parked it a good spot and did not throw it in a River.

Just a Side-note: I can't imagine why there are People out in the World doing Stuff like this to the Scooters. One Day the Scooter will be banned because of the People, parking them on the Street, damaging them or like I mentioned throwing them in Rivers.

But back to the Story, 20 min have passed since I've let out my last flood. Although there must have been a lot of Water and liquids in my Body, I felt nothing in my Bladder and my Stomach also didn't felt bloated from all of this consumption.

Near my parking-spot was a Supermarket and of course I used this opportunity to buy 2x 0,5l Ice-tea bottles and an 1L Water bottle. The first Ice-tea lasted for about a minute before it was empty, then 1/4 of the Water followed. From this point I started walking around the City and about 45 min after the last Pee, I started to feel a small urge. It was maybe a 3 or 4 on a Scale of 10, so nothing to worry about. Now I've reached a part of the City-Center, that I already visited on the Day prior to the one I'm currently talking about. As I wandered around the Streets, something weird happend suddenly and I mean in the course of 5 Minutes the Urge jumped from 4 to 8 or 9. It felt a little like something in my Bladder was broken, but it was likely all of the Liquid now hitting my poor already strained Bladder all at once.

I knew, if I wanted to keep dry pants I do not have a lot of Time.

The Urinal from Part one was out of the equation, because it was now way to far away. But thanks to being in this area a Day before I knew a toilet which could be my saving. I looked up the fastest way, it was an 800m walk, for me normally 10 Minutes but in this Situation probably 15 or even.

As fast as possible walked to this thing, stopping every so often to bent over to stop the flood from running out into my pants. I enjoyed the feeling but also feared that this Toilet was too far away.

How can I hide my accident if I don't reach?, was one of the Questions in my Head but I feared even more that it could be closed or in use. I knew, if I have to wait in front of this toilet the puddle under me would be BIG.

As I passed the half way mark on my walk I reached a busy Pedestrian area with a lot of People on the Sidewalk, I had to maneuver between all of them trying not to get hit by an arm. This was the moment I could feel a big wave coming, maybe to Big?

I moved to the Side, bent over a bit but still felt the first Spurt of piss re dampening the fabric of my underwear.

Okay, now I have to move faster if I want to avoid an accident. I made bigger step, every time when my foot hit the ground I could feel the hot pee sloshing around inside of my bladder. A few stops to hold myself and some more little pee-shots later, I could see the Park where the Toilet was located. Only problem, between my destination and myself was a busy street and a traffic-light.

It took all of my power to stop my bladder from releasing it's contents into my Shorts. It worked but some more squirts could not be hold back.

The Green light finally turned on, I crossed the Street and rushed to the house. About 10 meters before door, I already started to open my belt and button on the pants and firmly grabbed my Penis. I pushed the wooden door open with the other hand and raced towards the luckily empty bathroom. At this point there was no holding back, the muscles loosened. I clamped the tip of my foreskin together which gave me the last seconds to pull out my dick. Opening the toilet-seat would have taken to long, but thankfully it was open already.

And than it happend, I could finally pee realisning all of the hot content released into that bowl with a feeling only to be described with orgasmic. A loud moan filled this public toilet and I could feel my cheeks burning from all of this sensation. Then my Brain kicked in again.

First thing left the cabin-door open, but because no one was there it didn't bother me.

Second thing, I looked at my pants and the dark patch in the middle was clearly visible,

After what felt like an eternity my Stream became smaller and smaller. I zipped up my pants, put my jacket around the waist and walked out of this bathroom, that gave me one of the best pisses in a long time.

*007*2023-08-29 20:05

{{4 hours ago, hanpi said:

Eine sehr interessante Geschichte. Lass mehr hören .

Bist du auch Deutscher? Ich wohne in Thüringen.

}}

Ja, komme auch aus Deutschland

{{On 8/28/2023 at 6:14 PM, desperateseb said:

Great post and your English was very good. Would love to read more 🙂

}}

Thank you, means a lot because it's my first story I ever posted on any Online Forum

*008*2023-08-31 19:58

{{13 hours ago, wet_jp said:

Great first story! Thanks for sharing. I guess that's one advantage of visiting a far-away place

}}

Yes it is, the chance that I know someone is very small

*010*2023-09-10 08:47

{{On 8/28/2023 at 4:05 AM, Windows XPee said:

Love this! I look forward to hearing more of your adventures from that day, maybe even some accidents too?

}}

Hi, it took a while but the other story of this day was approved

