Should`ve peed myself when I had the chance.

Author: WarmWinter

*000*2024-05-04 08:53

Hi! This story contains extreme desperation and crying, in case that doesn't float your boat.

This just happened hours ago.

It was night time and I had to pee. Pretty bad. Unfortunately, I was in a very industrial area and there weren't any bathrooms nearby. In fact, just the nearest convenience store even was over a kilometre away. All the shops around were just warehouses, auto stores, and home deco and shit. On top of that, I was walking along a busy road - eight or ten lanes. Had the road been deserted, I would have popped a squat behind a bush or something. I hotly debated peeing around the corner of an underpass, but alas, there were too many cars driving by for me to feel comfortable.

I wasn't very familiar with my whereabouts, so as I approached a bus shelter I wondered if I'd ever find a spot to relieve myself down this road, or if I should just go home. I decided the latter. I took a seat at the shelter. I was the only one there. The ground was wet from rain an hour prior. There was a lull in the traffic. Exposing myself right there in this glass shelter would have been... bold, to say the least... but wetting myself wasn't out of the question. I'd have to tie my jacket around my waist, and I wouldn't be able to sit on the bus, but I could do it here.

The only problem was that my jacket wouldn't be able to hide everything (idk how you guys do it, my front is never hidden enough, and I can't quite get it to cover my whole ass), and, though I was wearing black jeans, they were old and faded. I'd sneak past a glance, but someone looking at my legs would catch on. After the bus, I would have to walk through a whole train station and take the subway, which made me nervous.

I looked down the road. The cars were coming by again. I really had to pee. I thought, maybe in the next lull of traffic I'll do it. But then I saw the lights of my bus in the distance.

What I should have done was:

Leave the bus shelter before the bus got too close. Return to the bus shelter. Pee myself when there were no cars around. Tie my jacket around my waist and just don't make eye contact with anyone on my way home.

I absolutely regret not doing this... but the nerves got to me. I boarded the bus. I found a seat and tried to just ease my mind. No turning back now. Maybe I'll be okay. Maybe I'll make it home, or I'll find somewhere else to pee/wet on the way.

My bladder was crying. It was stretched and aching. The bumps on the road were a pain, but I endured. I arrived at the train station (no bathrooms, typical). Made it down to the train platforms where I waited maybe five minutes. During those five minutes I could NOT stand still, however. I found myself pacing back and forth and twisting my legs, while still trying to be subtle. Thankfully, there weren't many others around. I don't know when this happened, but around this time I realized my underwear was wet with a drop of pee. I don't recall feeling a leak, it must have been during the bumpy bus ride. But when I noticed, I felt my face grow hot. I was running out of time and this was certainly not the place to wet myself.

The train came eventually. Great. I hurried in and grabbed a seat at the front of the train. After passing by the first station it occurred to me that the nearest exit at the station I was going to get off at would be closest to the back of the train. So I got up and started walking to the back. The wet spot in my underwear felt very apparent. Had it grown? was it wetter? It definitely felt colder.

Luckily there were plenty of seats available and I found one at the very back. I was nervous. My leg wouldn't stop bouncing. I couldn't bring myself to listen to music. And then, after passing about three or four stations, I leaked. It didn't show on my jeans yet but my underwear felt hot and very wet. I pressed my legs tight together. Another moment later, I leaked again. And probably again after that, I'm not sure, I wasn't thinking very straight at this point. I was two stops away from my destination. There was no one around me so I quickly felt around the crotch of my jeans. I was wet between the thighs.

Finally, my stop was next. When my train drew near I stood up. I was glad to see I didn't leave a wet mark on the seat, but my crotch and inner thighs felt very wet. I started brainstorming places where I can relieve the stress from my bladder one way or another. I imagined the set of stairs outside the train station. They should still be wet from the rain anyway. I could sit on the steps, let go into my pants, and no one would be the wiser. Plus, the damage on my jeans would be contained around my bum. Solid idea.

I arrived at the destination, got off the train, manoeuvred through the station, headed to the outdoor stairs... aaaand there's a couple smoking right there. Hmm. I stood by them (not too close, I'm not weird like that) and analyzed the situation. I pretended like I was busy on my phone. If I sat on the steps my back would be towards them, and perhaps they wouldn't see anything if I wet there, sitting down. But I don't know how long they were going to stand there for, and eventually, I'd have to stand up and they might see the damage before I could cover myself. I also noticed that the steps was in wide range of a crosswalk not too far ahead. People waiting for the light to change would be in view of me. If I wet myself there, would they notice? In hindsight, absolutely not. In the moment, my nerves were in overdrive.

I ditched the stair idea. There was a park on the other side of the station, however. The grass was surely wet and muddy and unpleasant to walk on, but that doesn't matter at this point. This was my next best option. My bladder was screaming at me. Thinking of all the places I could relieve myself was probably making it worse, especially since I was standing in one of those places. I left the stairs and headed for the park. Unfortunately, my timing couldn't have been any worse. I entered the park with a couple others behind me. A lone man and a small group of women.

Everyone would see me step off the trail and into the bushes, and they'd know exactly what I was doing even if they couldn't see it. If they were all in front of me, this wouldn't be a problem as they'd never see me wander off. I considered sitting on one of the benches and acting busy as they passed, but the benches were soaked with rain and I just couldn't help but wonder what they'd think about me sitting on a wet seat. So I kept walking until I inevitably exited the park from the other side.

I was walking really fast at this point, and unsteady. My crotch was cold and my bladder was really starting to hurt. I had a third, very desperate, idea. An idea that I've fantasized about as of late, actually. Unfortunately for you, not to be a tease, but said idea would actually break a rule in this forum, so I won't go into details regarding that. I will say, that plan was thwarted just like the others. Someone was sitting idly in their car next to the road with their headlights on in my direction. They would have seen everything.

Once again, back to the drawing board. Except the drawing board has been shattered to smithereens and all the chalk is on fire. I was now in the area of a rural neighbourhood. I've heard stories of people peeing in people's garden's but I really wasn't comfortable with that idea, as enticing as it was in the moment. And I couldn't stop and wet myself here either, where anyone looking out their window could see. This was a neighbourhood I pass through daily, after all. I'd be mortified if someone were to recognize me as one who passes by every morning. I had no options. Just home. Home was a fifteen min walk away. I wanted to cry.

If only I had just peed myself in that bus shelter. Or if I had the courage to use a bush during a lull in traffic earlier. I wouldn't be in so much pain and distress. This whole night was wrought by my nerves.

I couldn't tell you if I leaked any time after leaving the train, but I lost control for a few seconds while walking through my neighbourhood. I felt the warm pee travel down my thighs as I walked, mostly in the front. This was followed by the burning desire to release more. I couldn't hold back the next few dribbles. After some time, I got my bladder back under control, but it wouldn't last. Before making it to the next block I leaked again. My thighs were soaked. I was well past my limit. Thinking back to the bus shelter, where it would have been my choice to pee myself. I probably would have gotten home and masturbated in my piss-soaked jeans, licking my fingers clean after. But now? I felt weak. I was in pain and discomfort. Why was I so damn nervous today?

I rounded the corner. This street was busier. A man walked in front of me, which was fine I guess, but I had to walk past a full family heading towards me. Even though it was dark and I wore black, I felt so embarrassed when we walked by each other.

But then I noticed nobody was walking along the sidewalk on the other end of the street. There's a clinic there, with a bench near the sidewalk. The bench was in front of a giant, thick bush, so no one would see from behind or immediately beside me, and a bright-ass sign for the clinic partially blocked the front of the bench from view of the street. A saving grace. I wasn't thinking any more. I was guided by my crying bladder. I took the next crosswalk to the other side. I went straight for the bench.

My home was only five minutes away, but even that was no longer an option. Even if I could hold it until then, it wasn't worth it. The thought of carrying my bladder the rest of the way home was painful. I sat my ass down on this rain-soaked bench and I just started peeing. My crotch, legs, and bum grew hot. I could hear my piss splashing on the cement below. I even felt it splatter on my ankles. My thighs were pressed tight, so a lot of my pee rose to the front as well.

One of my hands rested on my legs, clutching my phone, as the other came up to cover my face. Suddenly, I couldn't help but cry. It was a sudden outburst that didn't last long. Maybe I was embarrassed, maybe it was the bliss, maybe it was the fact that it was over, I don't know, but I really cried. Like, tears just pouring out of my eyes, my breath convulsing, my nose running. I had my face buried in my hands, wiping my tears and nose, all the while completely peeing myself. And then... I started to feel kind of euphoric.

After a while I stopped peeing. Not because my bladder was empty, but because it was too weak to empty completely at the moment. The tears stopped as well. My breathing slowed to normal and I picked up the intoxicating scent of my pee. My crotch, ass, and thighs were all so warm. Even my shoulders felt super relaxed. I hunched over and just sat like that for a few minutes. Afterwards, I looked around see if anyone was coming, and when I determined that I was alone, I tried to empty the rest of my bladder. It took a bit of concentration, but I still had a ton left. The warmth returned, and so did the splashing.

I peed for another 30 or so seconds. I sat there for a few more minutes, allowing my jeans to finish dripping, before standing up. The front and back of my legs between my hips and my knees were drenched. Later I would see in the mirror that the wetness in the back almost rose to my shirt. I quickly tied my jacket around (didn't feel covered at all, but what could I do) and finally walked home and jumped into the shower with my jeans on. I spent some time just unwinding and processing the night before I started writing about it here. And I suppose writing it all out was pretty therapeutic. I'm already beginning to look back at this frustrating experience a little more fondly.

I still regret some of my choices though lol.

