Coming Home From Uni

Author: wet-ty

*000*2021-03-27 12:04

(once again like my last post, I am non-binary but the gender option doesn't allow for that yet, I'm AMAB [assigned male at birth], so I tagged it as male, hoping this is fixed soon!)

So I recently started going to university, and it's been great, but the travel time is about an hour and a half to two hours by public transport. Now this leaves me with plenty of time to be desperate.

Last week on Wednesday I was on my way home, just caught the first bus, and I realised I hadn't been able to pee all day, since I left home, keep in mind I've been on campus since about 12pm to 4pm by this point. I noticed I was starting to get desperate, but thankfully due to my many holding sessions due to my kink, I was confident I could hold it. Unfortunately for me I had had over double the amount I usually drink in a day as I needed several coffees to keep me awake.

So for the first short bus ride I was fine, by the time I caught the first train, which goes for about 30 minutes, I was starting to feel a bit more pressure in my bladder, and I wanted to force myself to hold on until I got home. I was still over an hour away from getting home. So the 30 minutes go by, I start to fidget a bit as my desperation increases a lot more rapidly than I expected from a 3/10 to a 6/10. By the time I'm at the station to catch my second train I am not as confident I will make it all the way home, but because there was only 2 minutes between my trains I didn't have the time to use the bathroom and had to run for my train. This train is a 40 minute ride.

It was a busy train as everyone starts coming home from work, so it's not like I was able to hold myself or do anything obvious about my situation. I had my legs clenched as tight as I could and couldn't focus on my music by about 20 minutes into the trip.

It was getting worse and worse, the pressure getting stronger and stronger, I was at an 8/10 and I was only half way on the train journey! As the last ten minutes of the journey approached I was hoping for everything that I could hold on just long enough to get to the station. I managed it, barely. By the time I got to my station I was easily at a 9.5/10, I could barely hold on. I ran through the station as fast as I could to get to the bathrooms. I got there just in time, as I opened the door to the bathroom I felt a leak into my underwear and panicked. I raced into the nearest stall (thankfully the bathroom was empty!) and undid my belt as fast as I could and yanked my jeans down. I sat down and immediately felt the relief I had been craving for the past hour. Then I noticed in my panic I forget to take my underwear down and I was pissing right through them, soaking them.

At that point it was too late, so I just kept going, knowing I'd get to enjoy the feeling for the rest of my trip home.

And after that very eventful afternoon, I managed to catch my bus with a couple minutes to spare and made it home before anyone else,,,, which thankfully meant some time to myself

(Also I feel I should clarify that I am from Australia and in a state with currently only one isolated case of covid, so it's currently safe to be on campus and out and about where I live!)

