So, earlier...

Author: wolfgirl667

*000*2011-04-14 01:27

I wanna see how many people get turned on by this... ;D

Earlier today, I had a lot of soda, cause well, I had a lot of thirst! So, I started to feel the need to pee. It didn't start to get bad until like twenty minutes later, when I was squirming. It was then I decided to have some pleasure. When I went into my bedroom to lay on my bed for a while, my bladder was bursting, and I REALLY had to go pee. I was layin on my stomach with my legs apart (and layers of towels underneath) wearing only a camisole and my jeans, and I was in pleasuralble agony. I had every intention of waiting until my bladder couldn't go any longer and then letting the floodgates open. In case you ain't noticed yet, I'm a female.

Anyway, I was seriously considering letting go, but I was loving the pressure between my legs. ;) Keep in mind, they were spread apart and my feet were in the air, crossed, if you can picture that. I was just about to get my phone, and as I moved, I felt my pee wanting out, so I gave my bladder what it wanted, and peed all over my jeans and towel. The warmth spread from between my legs to my knees and all around. I turned over on my back to see the pee spread around my legs, warming that part of my body.

Once I was soaked in pee, I got cold, so I cleaned up and changed, feeling very naughty and satisfied. ;)

*009*2011-04-19 23:56

Y'all wanted more, so I'll tell you about right now. Right now, I'm desperate for a pee.

I'm only wearing a bra and panties, and I'm thinking of taking them off soon whem I do finally pee. I'm in my bathroom, on the tile, (so I won't have too much cleanup) and I'm on my back, legs in the air, trying to hold my pee with just my "kitty cat" muscles. I'll tell you the truth, it feels so sexy, having to pee.

Some pee just squirted out!! Man, that felt good. ;) I'm gonna take of my panties now, so I can do this naked. I got the idea from another thread, someone wanting to hear it done naked.

Ah! I just bursted!! Trying to keep all the pee in... but its so hard!!!

Peeing... Still peeing... Peeing Niagara Falls... Ok it stopped. Gonna clean up now. Arousing enough for ya? ;)

*012*2011-04-21 21:01

Yup, first omo site! ;) To answer SentenielChicken, no, I don't play with myself, I prefer jeans too, but another thread gave me this idea. I have had a couple accidents, and I'll post them to this thread soon :D

