Festival Wetting (unplanned)

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-07-04 20:43

Okay, the story of my first unplanned wetting this weekend. I was at a festival, somewhat late at night, with a good friend. We had been drinking beer and we had also been sharing a large mixed drink in a 1.5 liter water bottle. We were both pretty drunk, the music was great, and we were having a fantastic time, but all those liquids were starting to catch up to me and I could feel a growing pleasant pressure in my bladder. My friend wasn't showing any signs of desperation yet - figures - I have an overactive bladder so I always feel it first and worse.

At this point in the evening, we had just finished hearing a concert and had headed to a busy street that was closed off for the festival, which was packed with people queuing up to get into clubs or dancing in small street parties outside. I tried to hold on a little because I knew my friend - lets call her Sarah - wanted to get into a club. But soon I felt the first wave of desperation hit me and I felt a couple drops escape. Nothing major, just enough to dampen my underwear, but enough to make me alert Sarah that I needed to find a bathroom.

This next part is going to sound like an omo cliché - I'm aware because as it was happening that was the first thing I thought: is this actually for real? We asked if I could use the bathroom at an A&W, it was closed. At a Wendy's: closed. Starbucks: not available unless you bought something. I considered it, but I was worried I could lose control in the line inside and I told Sarah that, so we kept looking. We tried a convenience store but they didn't even have a washroom (they probably just didn't want us to use it). It seemed that literally every establishment we tried had closed their bathrooms for the festival weekend, a really smart move when there would be tons of people drinking alcohol and getting desperate. So Sarah decided we should try a club with a shorter line, even though it wasn't the one we wanted to go to. Since it was an emergency, she thought maybe I could just go in, use the washroom and then find the club we wanted to go to after.

The line was shorter than most of the other clubs, but it was still a good 15 or 20 minutes, and I started feeling more and more of the telltale waves of intense desperation that come with overactive bladder. I was drunk, so I was having a hard time hiding them on my face and in my body language, and with each wave, I felt my sphincter get a little closer to giving up. On the next wave, I resolved myself to release a few trickles into my pants, just to ease off the pressure. I waited, chatting with Sarah, and like clockwork, the familiar wave hit.

Perhaps overreacting to the promise of what I was about to do, I felt my tired sphincter give up and the floodgates open all on their own. Splash, my bladder released all at once, filling my underwear, flooding my dark cargo pants, and streaming right down my legs into my shoes. Thankfully, the music and the din of people talking all around us in the crowd was quite loud, so Sarah somehow didn't hear the spattering of me pissing my pants and the pavement, RIGHT beside her. The people in line behind us must have seen though, because those cargo pants glisten like nobody's business when wet, and there were definitely streams splashing onto the concrete for a solid several seconds.

Realizing there was no point in hiding the obvious, I nudged Sarah and giggled,

"I just peed my pants". Just matter of fact. What else was I supposed to say? It was obvious enough if you looked and it would be more embarrassing if I didn't just own it.

I distinctly remember her asking, "like a lot or a little". Well it was supposed to be a little... "Let's just say I don't have to pee at all anymore".

Her eyes got wide and she laughed again, looking down to examine my wet pants. She never looked disgusted or grossed out, just amused. "I bet if you told them you pissed yourself they'd let you jump the line and go in to change," she suggested.

"Yeah I'm not gonna do that," I laughed.

We decided to just leave the line and make our way back through the busy crowd, me in my soaked cargo pants, toward the club we had been wanting to go to. It was a half hour wait, but I assured Sarah I didn't mind as long as I got to change eventually. It was dark, my pants were dark, and most people were drunk and totally consumed with themselves, so nobody paid attention. The cooling pee against the night breeze felt lovely on my legs and crotch and I was able to change when we got into the club. I had come prepared and brought a pair of short, loose black shorts - these ones quick dry. We'd been drinking more in the line though, and some water too to stay hydrated, so those shorts didn't stay dry for long. I wouldn't have left a mess for people to slip in/clean up in the club, but I did release enough dribbles in my shorts while dancing throughout the night to nicely dampen my bum and since the shorts were loose, some streaks escaped onto my thighs.

As the night wore on, Sarah ended up kissing me and once my shorts had dried a bit, we danced really close together. I don't know if she was into me wetting, or just didn't think it was a big deal, but we certainly didn't let it put a damper (haha) on a great night.

*005*2022-07-05 17:12

{{4 hours ago, Nils JD said:

Wow, this sounds like a fun experience!

What kind of shoes did you wear and did you manage to get them cleaned?

}}

They were sneakers (converse) and I just tossed them through the washing machine after! Surprising the number of people that don't know you can do that with absolutely no damage if you use light settings.

{{11 hours ago, FunkyNoJunkie said:

Yeah peach was great this year

}}

Not peach, but glad you had fun there!

*006*2022-07-05 17:32

Anybody got any other creative wetting ideas I should try? After being out in public in wet pants twice last weekend by accident, plus a very intentional wet bike ride this week, I'm feeling a bit braver.

*013*2022-07-06 00:59

{{4 minutes ago, wettingman said:

They sound like excellent and exciting ideas. I look forward to reading about your adventures.

I have done 3& 4 , the upside-down wetting was in the shower though.

The day without a toilet was fun. If I am doing a wetting I don't just let go Mybpee comes out because I can't hold it anymore. I wet my pants 3x that day.

That is one suggestion I could make. Hold your pee until it comes out because you can't hold it.

The pee off a bridge is one of my favorites. For that myself I want to pull out and pee a long stream easy for a guy. But I was only able to do it once for fear of getting caught. I waited too long and the rushing water caused me to leak a obvious wet spot in my jeans.

}}

I don't know if I would be able to get upside down in the shower safely haha. I'm athletic but a handstand in a slippery environment sounds unsafe LOL! Most of my wettings happen because I can't hold it anymore! It's not hard to get to that point for me haha (I have a pretty weak bladder), but I do enjoy a good hold until (and past) the point of leaks!

*015*2022-07-06 01:17

{{6 minutes ago, wettingman said:

I didn't do a hand stand. OMG I couldn't do that.

I laid down in the tub and scooted my legs up against the back wall of the shower as far up as I could. My butt was up on the back of the tub. I got my jeans wet to my crotch and bit more as well as my butt. However, the bulk of my large full bladder of pee ran down onto my belly and soaked my shirt up to my neck.

}}

Ooh that sounds fun! I would like to try hanging upside down though, I think being freely suspended would make for some fun streams, not to mention the unpredictability of where the pee would fall

*022*2022-07-13 07:47

{{20 hours ago, Wboy80 said:

Wauv I love "party pissing" 😄👌. Maybe try to have an "accident" in the crowd at an outdoor concert. Not many will see it. I did once in Copenhagen.

}}

With black pants I'd totally consider it! (assuming it was outside, don't wanna leave a mess)

{{On 7/7/2022 at 12:43 AM, wetnomore said:

Awesome story. And this scenario is one of the sexiest really. I'd like to go out with the girl like that one day 😉

}}

Haha which girl? Me (the one peeing) or the one who was with me?

{{On 7/5/2022 at 9:39 PM, jpee said:

I tried wetting myself on an inversion table one time. I wasn’t fully upside down so most of it ran down my back and off my shoulders. I was hoping to get some in my hair. Maybe next time.

}}

Creative idea!

*024*2022-07-26 04:38

{{On 7/18/2022 at 11:48 PM, talks2much said:

So you quite happily walk around in wet pants when you are drinking or at a music festival? that's really cool! hopefully to will meet another wetter one day!

I imagine some of your friends have seen you wet yourself or your peed pants before?

}}

I imagine maybe they wear dark pants and also if its night time or at a concert, its usually dark, crowded and loud and people just don't really notice. That was my experience wetting in a festival environment. 10/10 would do it again. Fun, easy to get away with and convenient when toilets are gross.

