Prolonged night time holding led to morning piss in pants before work!

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2023-09-28 12:07

I just had my morning piss in my pants - completely by accident!

I woke up a few times to pee last night, but kept shrugging it off and going back to sleep. I find that if I have a bit of "me time", the erection will distract me from the desperation of my bladder, so I kept doing that until I fell asleep.

I woke up about 7am absolutely bursting to go, but still couldn't be bothered to get up out of my cosy bed. I decided to use a pee-jug (the kind you can buy for men who are on long commutes and can't wait / don't want to pull over). But as soon as I sat up I pressed down on my privates to buy myself a few more seconds of time, only for the need to disappear completely. I still whipped it out and tried to pee, sitting on the edge of my bed, but couldn't. So went back to sleep.

I knew from past experiences that the only time it subsides completely like that when I'm so close to peeing myself is when it's about to actually happen, but I was prepared to take that risk.

So I woke up about 10am, went down to make some porridge and had a glass of orange juice while it was in the microwave. My bladder was bulging and sore, but I had none of the obvious pains to pee. I still couldn't stop pinching myself though, so I think my body must've known I was still needing to do that to stop it spraying out in to my briefs.

I ignored the W/C I have just off my kitchen and walked back up stairs. I think the orange juice was starting to kick things in to motion at this point as I was dry when I was downstairs but a little wet by the time I got up. I think it was just general leakage from it sloshing about inside me. I got in to the shower, but it's a bath/shower rather than a normal upright shower. I only feel comfortable peeing in upright showers, not baths. It's weird when you think about it but it just doesn't feel right to me, lol.

So I got this shower, kept it as short as possible focusing only on my private and most sweaty areas and spent most of it squeezing my manhood so hard I thought I was going to rip it off at one point. I bent down to turn off the water and a jet shot spurt sprayed the taps and tiled wall. It felt heavenly, I can't lie, despite it being unintentional. I stood back up again, turned to pull the shower rail out of my way and grab my towel, when another shot emerged, this time spraying all over the shower curtain. I had no way of anticipating these leaks as I couldn't even feel them coming.

I hurriedly patted myself down with the towel to dry myself off, got in to my work uniform (I work retail full time but I'm doing this office secondment thing at the minute) which was basically just office clothes (black trousers, white shirt, black stripey tie, white boxers, black socks and shoes) and by this point I felt a bit lighter. So I was thinking of dragging it out a tiny bit more by doing my teeth. I genuinely didn't want to wet my clothes but I knew the only reason I'd leaked previously was because I was naked (except for when I was in my briefs, leaking as I walked up the stairs earlier).

I felt I was less likely to wet myself, even though standing still and brushing my teeth or washing dishes is a 90% guaranteed accident-causer for me. I guess I was playing too much at this point.

As I cleaned my tongue and used the mouthwash, I felt a couple jet shots warm my crotch to the point it almost burnt due to the piss being so hot. After I spat the mouthwash out, I gave a shake of my legs and trousers and a feel of the front. I felt no wet patches thankfully but could feel wet underwear.

As I brushed my teeth, I had heavy cramps that subsided quite quickly. I thought I'd probably pushed it too far now but it wasn't coming out straight away so I can just wait to finish brushing then I'll take a much needed piss in the toilet.

As I was stood there, brushing away, trying to keep it short, I found myself subconsciously sighing - like, a sigh of relief you'd do when you have a piss. I still felt fine though, but a second later I suddenly realised my legs were no longer trembling and felt quite warm! It was exactly as my first accident played out years ago, when I wet myself on my doorstep, but didn't realise it was happening until I was mid-stream.

I looked down to see my black trousers glistening and a huge puddle already at my feet. Naturally, I saw no point in trying to 'make it' anymore and just spread my feet a bit further apart and relaxed as I continued brushing my teeth - this time consciously taking much larger sighs of relief.

Honestly, the warmth felt amazing and the relief was up there in my top 10 favourite / most relaxing pisses of all time. I love how you can still experience euphoric relief whether it's in the toilet or in your pants.

I didn't really have time to *reeeally enjoy* the moment as I had to get ready for work all over again, but I left the puddle and wet clothes for me to clean up when I get home from work. I'm so turned on by it - I hope you all were too!

