My Wife... Is hotter than hell when needing to pee really bad

Author: willbill

*000*2021-10-11 21:43

As a summary, my wife has a rather small bladder, and many times when she has to pee, it's right away or quickly becomes the hottest show on earth when she tries to hold it based on the situation.

If she is doing anything where she is standing, a need to pee is often instant, requiring a bee-line to the bathroom. At home, if I am nearby and quick enough (and socially acceptable based if our kids are around), I can watch. She will often get her pants down in time but once in a great while, there will be a small trickle of pee coming out as she gets them down and a little more often whereas, she starts peeing as she is sitting down, with an actual slow but steady stream can be seen for the split second as she sits down with her legs slightly parted.

If the bathroom is occupied, she will either try to go sit down, but if not, she will do the hottest potty dance, bending slightly forward bat the waist with her legs crossed and bouncing up and down, and once in a while a hand or both on top of each other on top of her crotch, leaning slightly into them. A few times though, she has had to crouch all the way to the ground to try to hold it, which one time she had to do this on the way to the bathroom as she stopped to cross her legs mid-route with just underwear on, but then almost immediately crouched to right near the ground trying harder to hold it in, though was unable to and pissed hard all over the floor right in front of me.

If she is ever not close to a bathroom or in a store and has to pee (grocery store freezer sections always create an instant need it seems), she starts needing to go so badly that she will suddenly freeze while walking and stand still with her legs crossed as tight as possible, about to pee herself completely. In almost every case it usually ends up as coming out for several seconds but being able to stop until getting to a bathroom.

Once this summer though, we were outside our house and ended up getting a bit wet with one of the kids hitting her with a super soaker. Suddenly she comes around to where I was on the other side of the house with her shirt and pants slightly wet from the squirt gun, saying "I just got squirted. Don't let anyone see me. I'm about to pee myself and don't think I can hold it" as she ducked behind me with legs tightly crossed bouncing up and down almost frantically. Our shed was right there, in which I took her to duck behind it quick, and as I felt her crotch from the outside, I felt it start coming out immediately for a few seconds before she was able to stop briefly. 

Within just a few seconds she said "Can't hold it. Can't hold it. I can't hold it" where knowing nobody was around or could see through to us, reached my hand down her pants saying "it's ok if you can't. I'll just throw water all over you and nobody will be able to tell" where immediately it started spraying into my hand as I guarded watch. After 20 seconds or so she finished and we successfully made it to the water spicket to "rinse off".

Oh.. and anytime its unplanned where she can't hold it and starts losing control with my hand down there, she orgasms almost instantly if I assure her it's completely ok if she can't hold it.

More to come at some point...

