Wife started laughing... Then couldn't hold it again

Author: willbill

*000*2022-02-05 12:22

Yesterday, my wife and I were just sitting in our bedroom, myself on my computer and her on her phone on Facebook and Tik-tok. She said she needed to pee sort of non-chalalant, but didn't get up right away and just continued on her phone. Literally within a couple minutes, all of a sudden she started laughing hysterically at some video she was watching, which she crossed her legs while doing so.

Suddenly, she stopped mid laugh "I have to pee", and booked towards the door saying "gotta pee"

"gotta pee". Being the bathroom is right outside our bedroom and 5 feet across the hall, she stopped in the doorway out of our as she saw the bathroom door closed shouting "who's in the bathroom, I have to pee, really bad" as she crossed her legs. One of our kids shouted back "me but I just got in here".

She said frantically "well, try to hurry if you can" as she stood there legs crossed and bouncing up and down. After about only 10-15 seconds, she backed into the bedroom and immediately crouched down saying "I'm gonna pee myself"

"I'm gonna pee myself" as she was crouched trying to hold it. After not even probably 10 seconds she said "I can't hold it" while still crouched. I quickly got up and tried to grab a towel from the closet but it started pouring out from her crotch before I could get there. Upon getting the towel I put it underneath her, legs quickly bunched it up, and then put my hand down her pants to "help her stop", where I felt it gush from her p***y for another 10 seconds or so.

There wasn't a huge mess to clean up since I got the towel in place before too much damage got to the floor. Though she has frequent accidents when not being able to hold it and also some while not being able to stop laughing, but I have never seen her stop laughing and not be able to hold it this quickly (everything from her standing up initially was only about 20 seconds total).

