Wetting and walking with sister in forest

Author: WettingLeggins

*000*2022-02-22 10:43

Me, my mum and my sister were planning on going on a walk in the local woods (where there is nobody around) so I said to my sister

“fancy a challenge?”

She said yes and I explained it to her,

“first person to pee their pants on the walk has to not use a toilet for a week”

She quickly replied with,

“sure, I have a bigger bladder anyway so I’ll win!”

Couple hours later we set off in the car after drinking a fair amount of liquids before setting off and my mum doesn't have a clue of what me and my sister are doing, we’re both pretty full and need to pee already.

We arrive and start walking around and I can see my sister is already bursting! I feel kinda bad for her because I know she’s gonna blow any minute now.

We get around half way through the walk my sisters bladder is absolutely bulging out of her stomach, it’s very visible, and she turns to my mum and says,

”mum, I’m really desperate and I don’t think I can hold it any longer”

**for context there’s not toilets around, my sister refuses to rip down her pants and pee squatted over on the floor and would rather pee her pants**

My mum swiftly replied with,

”just piss yourself, honestly there’s no point holding what u can’t hold, trust me I’ve been there!”

We make it to the ‘lake’ near the woods and the noise of water made my bladder start tingling a bit but I kept on holding where as my sister gave in and just full force peed her pants down her leggings and soaking her socks and shoes too!

Whilst my mum was taking some pictures of the lake I said to my sister,

”well looks like you’re gonna have a fun week” then grinned at her and walked off.

Shortly after this I began to piss my leggings too and I peed a lot more than my sister did, big bladder things, it was so wet and it gushed out for minutes, literal minutes! But we kept on walking as if nothing had happened no words were said as this is pretty normal for me.

We get to a rest spot further up the lake where I manage to grab a quick pic for her as she wanted to show her best friend her little ‘accident’.

Thanks for reading and hope to see u reading my future settings soon!

