Public Servant wetting

Author: WetGF

*000*2019-09-28 12:25

I have hummed and ha'd about posting this for ages.....It is a story that I have posted on some other sites totally unconnected with wetting. First I am going to tell people here who are not from the UK, something you may not understand. OK....In UK you have to have a licence costing circa 150 £ Sterling (circa $185 US) to watch live broadcast TV...controversial maybe, but that's not my point.....They send agents to your house to check on you and to try to convict you for not having a driving licence. Many people are convicted and some are even sent to prison...'for watching TV'. 

Now many years ago, I was approximately 29 years old.....I was sat on the back step of a new house I had just bought, catching some rays as you do. When I heard a woman's voice call from the side of the house.....a very smartly dressed (LA Law style - yes that's how long ago it was) woman in her early 40's was calling to me.....I invited her to come closer and she told me she was an agent checking on TV Licences...but most of all she was desperate for the toilet (I omit this part when I post in TV licence forums - there is a resistance to this law in UK)...I let her in and pointed the way. Some minutes later she came out most relieved.

She was not beautiful, her nose was too big, big thick dark shiny hair in a 'Big Hair' style, slim body great legs, impressive and handsome you could say, taller than me....lovely dark eyes....But I digress.....I had just opened a bottle of chilled wine and I offered her one which she gratefully accepted....we talked a few minutes I told her I didn't even have a TV, which was true at the time, well to cut a long story shorter, something clicked and in minutes we were in bed......we arrive now at the wetting part......under her very stylish skirt suit, she was wearing classic full panties in black, satin suspenders and stockings, matching full set (she was barely A cup bra) this is not just some fantasy!!!!) but her panties as I helped her remove them were wet....!!!! she told me that she had started to leak before she got to my house and that she wet through her panties sat on the toilet..........

I told her it was more sexy anyway........So!!! the deed was done and over another glass of wine she told me her age, married two daughters, husband not interested in her anymore. Not from my town but had been drafted in for a purge on Licence evaders, had come up on the train and had been given my area to check houses......she said she had never done this before in her life, husband had been the only one before...Married at age 20.....blah blah and that I would not see her again...No Names no pack drill as we used to say in the Army, but her skin was a nice shade of olive and I spent 4 years in Cyprus so I was betting she had some Greek in her...

Yes I could say that she looked like a Greek version of the base player in the 'Bangles'. Sorry there is not much wetting...but she did say her pee was running down her legs as she chatted to me outside the house when she came out she told me she was looking for tell tale drips on my floor...(for all you young people, women in their 40's especially who have had children often lose their inhibitions and can talk about these things, more so if they have just wet their panties in front of a stranger)....

The fantasy underwear was not a fantasy, many of my ex g/fs back around that time used to love to wear real, classic, full underwear, it was common for women to wear matching sets....sad that it has died out these days. Finally......I will re-iterate....my stories are all true...I don't make anything up, I,m crap at describing clothes my description, didn't do her justice, but she told me that, like the underwear , the clothes was her style and her job was mostly in the local area office. Again I have had a great life and I don't consider myself lucky....I make my own luck, you have to have the guts to be able to take advantage of a situation and be prepared for a slap down if it goes the wrong way......The encounter was great....the wetting...icing on the cake.

*001*2019-09-30 12:32

Sorry I just read that I wrote ' they send agents to you house to check if you have a driving licence... it should read TV licence....I can't seem to edit it at the moment.

*003*2019-10-08 11:56

{{On 10/2/2019 at 3:09 PM, wetskipants said:

You had me hooked when you got to the stockings and suspenders. Love that look. Occasionally convince my wife to dress up but it's not an omo thing. Some of our best sex follows.

}}

It was the 80,s back then many women, of all ages, loved to buy their underwear in matching sets, often with the suspender belt......I have had g/fs that even wore real stockings, not the nasty stretchy like tights things......you can still get them...expensive though.

*005*2019-10-10 11:48

Sounds like you are a little jealous ? 🤣 and I am also someone who has not had a TV licence for over 30 years....and I fully understand the law. I also admit to speeding in my car sometimes. (and I disabled the EGR on them). I suspect that as I said...many people in USA etc would find it very strange that UK citizens have to have a Licence to watch broadcast television...in fact I suspect they would think it downright ridiculous. And there is not enough wetting on television imho.😆 If there were I might pay the TV Tax.

*012*2025-07-22 15:28

To those who love the TV Licence it is now many years since I posted my true story....and I still do not have a TV Licence........and have for many years been a member of groups who are against the very idea of a TV Licence...I have even posted the true story on those groups.....albeit to miss out the OMO part of it. The next government of the UK has promised to do away with the TV Licence. Some girls/women still do wear 'real underwear'....What Katie Did is still a going concern as a company supplying to girls who like to wear the 'real' thing. Poor old Capita....the enforcement company...things not looking good for them since I posted my story....In any case she actually worked for a department of the BBC itself, before they employed Capita. A scary thing also is that, I was 29 she was in her 40's and I am now 69 years young....she is long retired and may even have passed beyond??

*014*2025-07-22 15:46

It means ...whomever is voted in at the next General Election???? what else could it mean.?

