Airport bus humiliation

Author: Wet Shorts

*000*2019-09-15 01:57

This happened to me a few days ago ...

I was on my way to the airport, which involved a journey by train and then bus. Because of the timings (which were rather tight), I couldn't afford to break the journey. Everything started out fine with a lot of coffee before getting a taxi to the station. Arriving in good time, I decided to treat myself to a beer while I waited for the train. I needed the toilet, but it was on the same platform as me so not a problem. However, they were closed for renovation works and so I found myself quite desperate after the coffee and with a beer. There were only a few minutes before the train, so I decided to wait till it came in instead of using the temporary toilets outside the station. However, the train got later and later while my need to pee got greater and greater, until I ended up obviously holding myself by the time the train arrived. As soon as it came in, totally ignoring my luggage, I rushed to the toilet and blissfully relieved myself.

The train journey was about 40 minutes, and I pee'd again about 10 minutes before the end. After departing the train, I had to get the bus to the airport and didn't feel any need to go. Annoyingly, I just missed one shuttle service, and had to get the next one. This took about 5 minutes to arrive, by which time I was feeling a bit of a need to go again; however, the timings were very tight, so I decided to hold it and got on the bus. I sat at the front of the top deck and waited for the bus to leave, by which time I was holding myself again. It was a 30 minute journey with people sitting next to me, so I moved to the back of the bus so that I could hold myself.

For the next 10 or 15 minutes, I had my hands buried in my crotch as I desperately tried not to wee myself on the bus. Despite all my best efforts, I finally felt my jeans starting to get wet as a trickle escaped. In complete humiliation, I unzipped my flies and poked my penis out of them, then wee'd on the floor for a while as I tried to nonchalantly look at my mobile. This didn't work badly in principle, except that I felt a thrumming against my left ankle which was because I was pee'ing on it without looking. I paused, re-aimed, and unintentionally pee'd down my thigh instead; after a while, I wasn't on the verge of wetting myself and was able to stop, albeit with a wet ankle and socks.

Having wee'd just enough to not have a major accident, it didn't take long before I was back in the same situation. I dealt with it similarly by pee'ing on the floor of the bus, this time looking under the seat to avoid going on my leg. The splattering noise wasn't masked by the bus, so I tried my best to do a bit more than earlier but still as little as possible. Having got past the point of "I'm about to set myself", I lifted my feet off the soaking wet floor and felt the shame of watching my piss run up & down the bus as it climbed hills.

The need to pee had never left me but just been diminished a bit by going on the floor, and it returned with a vengeance shortly before we reached the airport. Some of the previous relief hadn't totally escaped my pants resulting in somewhat damp underwear, and it was all too much - I started to just wet myself. It wasn't too long before the bus got to the airport, at which time I desperately rushed for the toilet and managed to use it before flooding my pants.

Having managed to get to the toilet with nothing more than a small damp patch, I was irritated to find that the flight was running 1/2 an hour late anyway. To kill time, I went to the bar and had a beer; the flight was now 45 minutes late, so I had another. All of a sudden, the indicator changed to "final call" and so I rushed to the gate. We were then held there for maybe 30 minutes, by which time I was holding myself again. Finally, we boarded, and then the flight proceeded to do absolutely nothing. I lost control and started dribbling into my underwear again; by the time we took off, I'd done a lot into the seat but still felt completely desperate. Eventually, the seat belt light came off and I rushed to the toilet. There was a big queue, and I was going down my leg, so when I realised that one seat row was empty I immediately sat in it and let go. I was wearing black jeans, so it wasn't too obvious, and I then did it again later on in the flight.

