Sodden Trousers

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2022-07-23 23:03

Earlier in the week, I accidentally wore recently wet trousers to work. While embarrassing, it was still kinda exciting and led to some fun throughout the rest of the shift. I posted about it here

And this is a closing of that event.

Later that night, I was at my second job as a security guy for this factory office building on a quiet industrial estate, working nights. It's uneventful and largely comprises of lone-working, providing whoever is on the shift with lucrative opportunities for some fetish-based indulgences, if they so choose. That night, I certainly did.

With the humidity dragging on through the night, lots of water was consumed - as advised by the handover notes from the management teams.

Sitting there in my sodden black trousers (which had long since dried) and my white shirt, I was growing more and more aware of the pungent smell of stale, dried-in piss - something I was seemingly oblivious to when putting the trousers on earlier on.

I held my bladder through the 8hr shift while continuing to drink water, juice and fizzy drinks as regularly as I could to speed up the process. My main focus was on my work, however. This was so I was not over-thinking my fetish or my need to go as sometimes I think this hinders things. The idea was to busy myself and keep any need to use the toilet as of secondary importance. Subsequently, I'd keep working until I would dribble and ensure I used the public toilets at the front reception of the property, rather than the little WC we have allocated just for us in the security room - or any of the other facilities in between. This naturally led to several genuine losses of control (dribbles).

The full accident came about 2hrs before the end of by shift, which I was trying to hold on to until the walk home, when I'd hoped to have the accident. It both irritated and excited me that I lost control of myself before I was ready, but at the time of the accident I was fit to burst and tempting fate by standing stationary while I have a smoke break - something which always triggers cramps, pains and general frantic lack of control akin to what you'd expect from latch-key-syndrome scenarios.

The pee was warm, gushing and bountiful. It radiated steam, too! Watching the puddle run down the ramp I was standing on - I had no shame, embarrassment or regrets from this one.

I stood around for a while afterwards waiting for most of the fresh pee to dry in to the clothing enough for me to sit down without causing too much damage (if any) to the swivel chair at my desk. After starting to focus on work again, I got a burning urgent need to have a second piss. It was urgent - I had to go there and then and I wasn't sure I'd fully make it to our W/C just 2 seconds away.

So I did what anybody would do - I walked back outside to where I'd just had an accident and continued walking around the periphery of the building, heading to the front of the door of the reception, knowing it will be locked for the night. The only access to the reception area (and it's toilets) would have been through staying indoors and working my way through the corridors, so I was intentionally shooting myself in the foot here, knowing I'd not make it in time.

I didn't make it even to the front door before boiling hot piss literally burst out of me like a pressure washer, lasting just seconds but managing to spread a fresh piss stain almost every inch across my trousers in no time. My shoes stood no chance - completely flooded. It felt exhilarating!

Hope you enjoyed the story as much as I enjoyed experiencing it. Don't think I'll try it again though as the already sodden trousers where not comfortable at all.

I have another story to come from todays situation I found myself in. I need to first do a bit of writing-style tweaking, but stay tuned!

*002*2022-07-26 20:13

{{On 7/25/2022 at 1:52 AM, SilverSnake said:

That sounds amazing! I really wish I could do long hold like this but if I hold too long my bladder goes into lockdown and I won't leak, it will just hurt

}}

I seem to be like that in public tbh. As I'm not into public humiliation or anything, it's a bit of a godsend! I'd hate to experience that all the time, though. If you have 'accidents' yourself, do you have to choose to let go?

