Laughing While Gaming

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-03-15 03:34

This isn't really a Letters-to-Penthouse type story. But, you know, it actually happened last night and probably someone would like to hear about it.

I was over at a friend's house for some tabletop role-playing and we were all perched on stools around the game table. We all laughed really hard at something funny that happened when I leaked a little. Luckily only a little. When I felt myself start to pee I had that time-slowing moment of panic but I managed to clamp my muscles shut pretty much straight away.

If I'd been wearing something heavy and absorbent it would have been totally fine, but unfortunately it was really hot and my friend doesn't have an air conditioner so I was wearing one of those super light cotton skirts where a tiny splash of water makes a bread-and-butter plate sized wet patch.

Therefore even though I'd only leaked a tiny bit I was worried that it might have been enough to make a visible mark on my bum. I could certainly feel that I was wet between my legs. But since I didn't actually need to pee at all I just sat there until we finished up.

I'm pretty sure it was always fine, but if not my skirt was definitely dry by the time I left. I had a quick feel of my knickers in the car before I drove off and even they were barely damp by then. The whole thing was a little bit exciting. :p

*003*2016-03-15 21:27

{{:

Cute and straight to the point.

Hope you enjoyed yourself once you got alone~

}}

I don't much go in for taking 1000 words where 100 will do. :) And, sadly, not really. It was late by the time I got home so pretty much just shower and bed...

{{:

Were you playing D&D?

}}

Pathfinder. So basically :p

*005*2016-03-17 04:21

Sneezing can be pretty risky stuff, particularly a few in a row!

Pathfinder is essentially D&D 3.75 so yeah, pretty good. :) I play Shadowrun sometimes, the magic system is sweet but I find some stuff a bit hard to wrap my head around and the setting is hella bleak. I play every week. It's my decompress from looking after baby time!

*008*2016-03-21 04:37

Depends on which edition of D&D you are playing in fairness. Pathfinder is very different to 2nd and 4th, I've never played 5th. But it really is very nearly D&D 3.5, just with a few rough spots sanded off and the balance issues between classes for the most part fixed. I've literally never read the Pathfinder manual but I can still run a Pathfinder game just by pretending it's D&D 3.5 and letting a couple of people who have read the manual help me out when something has changed.

*010*2016-03-21 21:44

{{:

I can highly recommend 5th edition. I've got experience in now on both DM and player side of it (warlock and cleric). To me, it feels like the freeform and speed of 2nd with the rules refinement of 3.5.

}}

I'm definitely planning to play this year at some point. That combination sounds great actually. I personally handwave a little bit of 3/3.5/pathfinder for the sake of freeform and speed. Anyways I've derailed this thread enough unfortunately :p If anyone ever wants to talk tabletop gaming with me via pm I'm totally up for that.

So to keep it on topicish, I nearly peed laughing again at last night's game. I didn't, but I did have to clench to keep it from happening because I felt like I was about to pee. I'm going to try and remember to wear a pad from now on, just in case.

