Accident After Middle School Cheer Practice

Author: wetvitaly

*000*2019-01-29 22:28

When I was 11 or 12, fresh into middle school, my best friend and I joined the cheer squad. I don’t know if it’s normal to have a cheer squad in middle school other places (I thought it was weird at first), but we had a soccer team, football team, and a basketball team that all had games on Fridays throughout the year so I guess it makes sense. I stayed in cheer for a while despite not really enjoying it that much and eventually actually began trying my best at being a cheerleader, which meant putting in actual effort at practices and therefore drinking more water. I had a lot of close calls, but having an actual accident probably played a huge role in why I stopped doing it. I never had issues with my bladder before, we just had a really shitty coach who was too intimidating to talk to and made everyone miserable.

Anyway, it was really REALLY hot most days after school. I mean, it was 3:30 pm in California and we all had to stand on dark asphalt, you can imagine we drank a LOT of water. The heat wasn’t the only reason though, our coach had a habit of snapping at the girls on my squad over small things and forcing all of us to run laps around the field in the sun. It happened almost every practice, which was really annoying, but no one was gonna argue with her.

So this one day our coach was in a really bad mood and two of the older girls in front of me were exchanging glances and giggles while she was talking, which really ticked her off so she sent us to run laps. I already had to pee pretty bad since I didn’t have time before practice to go, so running laps was not fun. My best friend had to pee too since the reason we didn’t have time to pee was because we walked to get soda before practice, and didn’t want to miss changing and lining up. Both of us were groaning and holding our crotches as we ran, we didn’t really care about anyone seeing us.

Once we were sent back to our spots on the asphalt, I thought I was already going to have an accident. My bladder was aching and I didn’t think I’d be able to make it through the entire practice and then to the locker room, but I held on anyway. I was too afraid to ask to use the bathroom and so was my friend, we shared concerned glances more than a few times.

We ran through the routines a few times, which was absolute torture, before we got to rest for a minute. Still, it wasn’t enough time to run to the bathroom, so I drank more water and got back in place. It was too hot for me not to keep drinking, I didn’t want to get dehydrated. The last half an hour of practice felt like the slowest half an hour of my life. I was crossing my legs and gripping tightly on to the chainlink fence that separated the asphalt from the grass, my other hand on my knee while I bent down to stop the waves of desperation from making me pee.

It was getting to the point where my belly felt sore and the waistband of my shorts was applying too much pressure to my bladder. I desperately pulled on the waistband trying to relieve the pressure, I could feel tears welling up in my eyes as a panicked. Any second I was going to have an accident in front of my whole squad, and I suddenly cared about how I looked.

Practice ended and I booked it to the locker room, grabbing my backpack off the hook in my open locker and heading straight for the bathroom. Only when I got to the bathroom, the janitor had already cleaned and locked it for the day. I didn’t have time to get to another bathroom, and my best friend ran up and let out a frustrated groan as she saw the same horror I saw. I fought back tears as I told her I couldn’t make it, and she told me I should try and at least walk home. I agreed, so I left.

I only lived about two blocks from the school, but two blocks feels like 2000 miles when you’re about to wet your shorts at a crowded crosswalk in broad daylight. I was gripping myself so tight I was going numb, and once the light changed I ran across the street and didn’t stop running till my house was in view. But I was far too late.

As I ran, I could feel the pee spraying into my panties and green cheer shorts, soaking through and running down my thighs. I cried as I ran, I could hear it splashing on the pavement behind me. Once I got to my front porch, couldn’t get up the steps. I held onto the railing, bent forward with my hand between my legs, and peed full force into my shorts. I couldn’t stop, my legs were shaking and I could hear the hissing and splattering below me.

My cheeks were stained with tears and when I was finally done, I ran straight to my room and cried on the floor, not even bothering to change till I could calm down. I was so embarrassed, and my friend confirmed later that she made it home without an accident. I probably lied and told her I made it home too, even though she wouldn’t have believed me.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed reading this. I was just thinking about accidents I had growing up and I remembered this one. It’s been a long time since that happened but I can still remember the embarrassment and shame I felt when I got home.

