All-day wetting marathon

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2023-01-12 10:01

(Is "deliberate wetting" not a tag? I couldn't find it. Anyhoo, this post is about deliberate wetting. Some mild desperation, but mostly just straight up wetting for fun without bothering to hold it.)

Anyway, story-time:

Holy shit, I had the most satisfying wetting day yesterday.

My mind is still kind of reeling from it, it was so intense.

This is kind of a long post, I’m sorry about that, but I tend to ramble and a lot of things happened, ok?

So, I’m not open about this interest with anyone, not even my SO. It’s just something I’d prefer to keep to myself, for my own private enjoyment.

Anyway. I’ve really been looking for an opportunity to indulge lately, but with the holidays and all, time to myself has been extremely limited. But yesterday, my SO had to go out of town to deal with a family emergency. Nothing serious, but he’ll be away until tomorrow. So I suddenly found myself with lots of uninterrupted alone time, with no chance of him returning from work unexpectedly early. And I planned to make the most of it.

When I got up, he was already gone, so I wasted no time getting started. I started guzzling copious amounts of water to get my system going, and as I had a full day of work (I work from home), I prepped my desk chair with some plastic to cover the entire seat and a folded-up towel to sit on. My bladder filled up pretty quickly, and an hour had not even passed before I started squirming in my seat. I don’t do long holds, it’s not my thing, but I do like the early stages of desperation, so I sometimes hold a little. When I got up to get yet another glass of water from the kitchen, I let the first little dribble find its way into my pants.

It felt so good! I haven’t wet in so long, so it really felt amazing to feel the wetness bloom out across my crotch. From there on out, I just kept dribbling into my pants whenever I felt a twinge of my bladder filling up. I was drinking water constantly, so it just kept refilling at a rather impressive pace.

I soon had to replace my towel, because I was afraid it was going to start dripping onto the floor, but I did not change out of my wet pants. My entire butt was wet — everywhere my pants touched the chair — and I also had a sizeable wet spot on the front, halfway down the insides of both thighs.

Soon after I replaced the towel a second time, and then a third, and a fourth. I just kept dribbling spurt after spurt of pee into my pants and then drinking more water to replace it.

I did work, too, but honestly, my productivity was not the best. It was very hard to concentrate when my simmering arousal was stoked with each new spurt of pee into my pants.

By lunchtime I was starting to chafe a little, so I decided to give my sodden sweatpants a proper deluge before putting it in the wash with all the towels. I stepped into the shower and emptied my bladder completely. Pee ran all the way down my legs and dripped onto the floor. So good! I was so turned on, it would have taken very little to bring me over the edge, but I held back. I wasn’t done.

Instead, I peeled off my soaking wet clothes and put them in the wash with all the towels I had drenched. Then I put on new underwear and a new pair of sweatpants, ate lunch and got back to work. I continued drinking water, and my kidneys were keeping my bladder busy, and soon I was on towel number six, then seven and then eight, by the time my workday was over and it was time for dinner. I again stepped into the shower and gave the second pair of sweatpants the same drenching treatment as the first, before I loaded up the second full machine of pee-soaked towels and clothes.

After putting on my third pair of sweatpants for the day, I decided I needed to give my skin some time to breathe, so I peed in the toilet before and after dinner. It was, after all, six o’clock, and I had been in wet pants since eight in the morning.

I relaxed on the couch a little bit, but pretty soon I had to pee again, and I decided it was time to put my other big plan for the day into action.

See, I recently got a new pair of hiking pants in a softshell, semi-waterproof material, and I’ve been dying to try out wetting in them. Wetness will come through from the inside and show on the outside with friction and pressure, but it does not soak through easily.

These pants fit me like a glove down to about mid-thigh, but the pantlegs go straight down from there and do not hug tightly to my knees or calves. I felt pretty sure that with a knee-length coat over top, I could get away with wetting them outside, in public, without anything being visible. Some wetness might come through and be visible on my thighs and at my crotch, but my coat would cover that. I haven’t been brave enough to try it in broad daylight, which has been the only opportunities I’ve had so far since getting them, but now I had the evening to myself and could go for a walk in the dark… It was the perfect opportunity!

I really had to pee at this point, though, and I almost chickened out. Almost.

Listen, I have NEVER before left the house with my bladder this full! I was getting a little desperate, and I was so uncomfortable I let a huge gush out into my pants before I even made it out the door, and had to do a little curtsy in order to be able to pinch off the flow!

The route I was planning to take normally takes me around 40 minutes, but it was very icy out, and I didn’t wear any ice grips, so I had to be careful and go slow.

I did NOT want to fall and injure myself and have to explain to paramedics why I am wearing a bazillion layers that are all soaking wet with pee… I quickly realized I would be out for an hour instead of the expected 40 minutes, so I did a couple more heavy gushes right off the bat, because I knew the street lights would be limited for the first stretch, and I wanted any potential dripping out the bottom of my pantlegs to be hidden by the darkness there.

Too late to chicken out now! I was out, and I was WET!

I could feel wetness down to about mid-thigh, but my layers (underwear, bike shorts, long underwear — I like the added absorption, OK?) seemed to be absorbing most of the wetness. I have NEVER before wet this much outside in public! I rarely even wet this much at home. My heart was hammering so fast, and I was incredibly turned on.

And the SENSATION! Whoo, boy, I may have stumbled onto my new favorite clothing combo to wet! The layers of cotton absorbed a lot of wetness, and the waterproof-ish nature of the hiking pants meant that the wetness that exploded out of me (I was literally gushing!) had nowhere to go, as it could not immediately penetrate the material. And with the pants being as tight as they were, the pee flowing out of me seemed to balloon a little, before they slowly made their way down my thighs, held back by the layers underneath. I mean, I’ve peed in snow pants and lots of layers before, but never in pants this tight. Truly magical combo. Outside of sex, it may just be the most pleasurable sensation I have ever felt. Highly recommend.

This is a relatively urban area — not packed with people, but you’re never really alone either. There were plenty of people out running or walking dogs. I got such a thrill from feeling the wet material of all my layers cling to my legs as I walked, hidden from any passers-by.

My initial gushes had taken the edge off, but my bladder was not empty, and it was rapidly refilling, so it wasn’t long before I had to pee again. I stopped two more times — pretending to check my phone so I could surreptitiously look around and see if I was relatively alone and make sure nobody was close — to send two more strong gushes into my pants. So good! I was about ready to come on the spot without even touching myself.

The combination of tight water-repellent pants and absorbent layers really did an amazing job of keeping things contained! I was impressed! Obviously, I couldn’t check myself out properly, but I had not felt any wetness at all go past my knee. I could feel the wetness approaching my knees by this point — the insides of my thighs felt very wet — but nothing past the knee and below my coat, which was hiding everything.

When I had completed my round and was approaching my house, my bladder was filling up again, and I really wanted to do a full wetting outside. I have never had the guts to do that before. It has always been controlled little spurts and dribbles, because I don't want anyone to see. I was a little scared, but it was dark, I had faith in my pants, and there was nobody nearby.

Before giving myself the chance to chicken out, I relaxed and started peeing full force into my pants, something I have NEVER done anywhere but in private before. It felt so good! I peed and peed and peed for what felt like forever, but it probably wasn’t more than ten-fifteen seconds. I felt the wetness seep slowly down my thighs, like before, before it moved past a point that must have been acting like a dam, or something, because suddenly it rushed down my calves and into my socks and shoes, and I could see it dripping out from the hem of my pantlegs. I gasped and stood frozen on the spot. I could do nothing but wait for the deluge to subside.

When my pantlegs finally stopped dripping, I started walking again and quickly went inside.

I didn’t even take my shoes or jacket off, I just crumpled to the floor in the entry and gave myself the orgasm I had been building to all day.

After my breathing calmed down, I started the day’s third load of pee-soaked laundry, took a shower and went to bed.

And while I technically have until tomorrow before my SO returns, I don’t think I’ll be wetting at all today. It’s like I have a wetting hangover or something. Is that even a thing? Although, fair, I think I spent more than twelve hours yesterday wearing wet clothes and actively wetting myself. That should last me a while.

*003*2023-01-12 13:55

{{16 minutes ago, scinosensation said:

@wendywetpants, what an amazing experience! I never had the nerves to do anything like that.

}}

It was the first time for me. I was confident that nothing could be seen, though. My coat covered me down to my knees to cover any potential wetness showing through above my knees where the pants were tight. It was dark. I would NEVER have had the courage to do it in broad daylight.

{{1 minute ago, Mariner62 said:

So jealous. I'd love to have a day alone just to be able to wet at will.

}}

It was a very rare treat. 😄

$

&&

