Soaked jeans at my partner's flat

Author: wetjeansdreams

*000*2017-03-11 10:31

So I've been a long time lurker on this forum, plucked up the courage to finally post. Hope you all enjoy...

I was going to my long distance partner's flat for the weekend. I woke up in the morning extremely excited... and also, to my horror, late. I jumped out of bed, got ready in ten minutes flat and ran out the door wheeling my suitcase behind me. I made it to the train station with mere minutes to go and settled in for the journey.

About 40 minutes in to the journey I felt a slight tingle in my abdomen, but as I was so excited it didn't occur to me it was anything more than slightly nervous butterflies. The train pulled into the station for my first of 3 changes and I bought myself a coffee. I didn't have long to wait before my next train. I settled in for my next section of the journey, reading my book and sipping my coffee. Not more than 20 minutes later, I got a twinge in my bladder which was difficult to ignore. I shuffled in my seat. How could I need to go like this after only half a medium latte? I did my best to ignore it and get lost back in my book. I felt another twinge that made me squirm. I checked the time. 20 minutes until my next change. I'd have to just run to the loo in between.

Alas. That would have been far too fortunate. My train was delayed, meaning there was only a five minute wait for my next train. I looked longingly across the platform at the toilets and my need seemed to double. I was jiggling on the spot and bladder was throbbing constantly now. I messaged my boyfriend to let him know I would be at the last station within the hour just as my train pulled in. I got settled in to a seat right near the exit and found myself barely able to sit still. I fidgeted and squirmed and bounced my leg up and down. 

I couldn't understand why I was so desperate and then realised that in my rush this morning I hadn't used the bathroom before leaving. I tried to reason with myself. In 45 minutes I would be at the final station and be able to finally release all of my pee. I'd waited longer than that before. I squeezed my thighs tighter together as my need grew. I knew there was no point getting my book out as I was now too distracted. I couldn't stop myself watching the clock, counting down the agonising minutes. Finally, after what seemed like forever the train pulled in to the station. As I stood, I felt a particularly overwhelming surge that made me bend at the knees, legs wrapped together. I managed to stand upright with no damage, dragged my suitcase off the train and started to make my way to the toilets.

I felt two arms wrap around me and squealed. I felt a spurt of hot pee squirt out, dampening my pants. My boyfriend whispered "hey, sexy" in my ear. I nervously giggled and turned around. I kissed him deeply and passionately, trying to ignore the wetness in my pants. The queue for the toilets was huge. I decided not to wait and instead let him wheel my suitcase to his car. Mistake. As we sat in his car he asked me how I'd been. I was very short in my replies as at this point I couldn't focus on anything but my need to pee. I desperately jiggled my leg up and down, squirming and bouncing. I even put my hands in the crotch of my jeans and held myself. I couldn't pee in his car. I knew I needed to hold on.

"Baby? Are you okay?" He said with concern. A bead of sweat trickled down my forehead and I felt tears well up in my eyes. I mumbled "no. I need to pee so badly. Please hurry."

"Why on earth didn't you say at the station?! Don't worry, we'll be there soon." I was doubled up in my seat now. It hurt so much, I couldn't hold on. I was going to burst. I felt another spurt in my pants and I knew this one would leave a damp patch. We pulled up into his driveway. As I got out of the car I felt another, longer spurt. The tears were flowing as I hobbled to his front door. He got it unlocked and I shuffled inside, slowly. I bent at the knees as I grabbed onto his banister. How could I make it upstairs to the bathroom? I was fully crying now from the pain. As I bent over, I felt another hard spurt and pee started running down the inside of my legs. I knew it was over. That spurt became one long continuous downpour. My jeans became soaked in the crotch, I felt it pool up around my bum and soak down the inside of both my legs. Some of it soaked into my dolly shoes and the rest dripped into an evergrowing puddle on the laminate flooring. I choked back sobs.

"Oh, sweet pea." my boyfriend said. He wrapped his arms around me and whispered that it was okay. Now, we're both into wetting and pee play but I was certainly not in the mood after that experience with my bladder still throbbing. I peeled off my now cold jeans and went for a shower while he tackled the mess on the floor.

A few months on I'm starting to enjoy reliving the experience but it's still more humiliating than pleasurable... certainly not up there with other experiences we've shared ;)

Sorry for the length of my post, hope you all enjoy.

*003*2017-03-11 18:44

{{3 hours ago, amberpee said:

Wetjeansdreams,

Welcome to the forums! Excellent first post and very well written. No need to apologize for the length of the post. I hope that you make yourself right at home on these forums and share many more stories with us.

By the way, your boyfriends sounds to be very understanding ;)

}}

Thank you for the welcome! I have plenty more tales I'd be happy to share. I'm glad you enjoyed it and it wasn't too long, I tend to ramble :P

Oh he certainly is that ;) I count myself a very lucky girl to have found someone to share my fetish with.

*004*2017-03-11 18:45

{{3 hours ago, desp_wet said:

Really good first post, I too hope to hear more of your experiences soon :)

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Watch this space!

