Snowboarding

Author: WetConverse

*000*2022-03-12 08:44

Two weeks ago I had some days off and wanted to spend some time snowboarding and relaxing, just having some fun and not think about work and other stuff too much...

I packed everything Snowboard Boots, Snowpants,.... and also 3l water and tee to drink during the day.

The weather forecast was really great for that day, sunny and +5°C. Which is really on the warm side for snowboarding or skiing ^^. By the time I had already in mind not spending a minute to search for toilets to piss for the rest of the day. If the weather is that warm you habe to use the chance

I left home around 8:00 and had an 1:30h drive to the mountains ahead of me. I didn't really bother using the toilet before I left so my bladder was already full as I left.

I reached the mountain around 9:45, put on my snowpants, boots, gloves, backpack... and went off to rent the snowboard for the day.

15min later I was already on the chairlift and had some great rides down the slope. My bladder filled up during that time and ~1h later my urge to pee was already really bad. So it was time for an small break.

I stopped half way down on the slope, on an sunny an not so busy part. Now kneeing, half sitting on my board I just relaxed and completely emptied my whole bladder. The piss was pooling in my snowpants on my ass and knees... The feeling was just incredible nice. When I was back on my board the piss rushed down the inside of my snowpants. Most it ended up in my boots but some leaked out on the board

I continue riding in my now soaked boots and snowpants. I love that feeling ^^

By 14:00 I had already drank 2l of water and tee and my bladder was pretty full again ^^. This time I wanted to try if I am able to relax and piss while still riding down the mountain

On an not so steep part I slowed down and relax. I had to "push" a bit but I managed to start pissing. What a strange but also cool feeling. Riding down the mountain while casually pissing, feeling the warmth running down your feet and pooling inside the boots around your toes .

The chairlift was closing at 16:00. By that time I had pissed like 5 times and my pants where complete soaked on the inside. My boots where also full of piss ^^

*002*2022-03-12 11:47

{{6 minutes ago, Snowpants said:

@WetConverse

What a great experience. Not too much time left to enjoy pissing your snow pants outside.

}}

Yeah probably 3-4 weeks left.... If the weather is nice I'll go again next weekend

*005*2022-03-13 13:57

{{6 hours ago, wetsnowpants said:

@WetConverse

Haha wow that is amazing!! must have been just a load of piss in order to darken those pants that much

I tried pissing while going down the bunny hill once. that was about as fast as i could handle while still being able to control where i was going

}}

Thanks . Yeah that day a lot of piss went straight into my snowpants

*017*2022-03-16 05:47

{{18 hours ago, Snowpants said:

I usually wash my layers the same day I wet them and have never had any issues with smell.

}}

I don't have problems with smell either. To be honest I don't wash the snowpants and boots too often because they will loose their water resistant coating...

*019*2022-03-16 16:58

{{6 hours ago, Snowpants said:

So if youvwearcand wet a few times will they start to smell? I have a oair of heavy snowbibs I wear for clearing snow around my house. I have worn and wet them a few times before washing. When they start to smell I know it is time to wash them. I do love it when I wear them and they smell a bit.

}}

Only a bit. I usually drink a lot when I plan to piss in them so it doesn't really smell

