My experience with fear wetting

Author: WetLunn

*000*2025-07-23 05:13

Genuine fear wetting is pretty rare, and it only really happened to me once when I was 12. However it is also possible to have an induced fear wetting, which is what I wanted to try.

I was actually 19 when I did it, so it's been quite some time (mostly because the fear part is not very enjoyable). It works essentially like a desperation wetting, where you try to hold until you can't anymore, except the trigger for letting go is a jumpscare or just genuine fear. Even though I'm a total scaredy-cat, it's not actually so easy to recreate a fear wetting, as it requires a freeze response of your body towards a threat (which forces you to relax many muscles including your bladder).

So the way I did it was by first filling my bladder until the point of light desperation (not too much that I can't concentrate on what I'm doing, but enough to cause a leak if I were to relax a little) and playing the scariest horror game I knew (which can be subjective for each person). In my case it is nun-massacre. My biggest fears are being chased and being jumpscared by loud sounds (both of which are taken to the 1000th power in nun-massacre)

I wore a shorts I used for wetting fun, and some old thigh highs I had saved for wetting purposes. I played the game alone in my room, in the dark, during the night to enhance the experience. I remember at the start I was mostly focusing on holding it in before anything had happened yet, but then the first chase happened. Unfortunately however much that shit scared me it didn't make me wet myself on the first jumpscare, but it did make me much more tense and scared going on. Since I'm actually so terrified of horror games I almost didn't want to continue, but pressed on.

The second jumpscare caught me completely out of surprise, it was genuinely one of the biggest jumpscares of my life, like if I wasn't going to wet myself I would probably faint. The worst thing about this game is that when you pause it the game keeps running on the background, and the scary loud sound keeps playing 😥😥😥

Anyways my heart jumped so bad I couldn't even react that time, I just remember hitting pause (not making things any better) and a few seconds later after my adrenaline started to go down realizing that my crotch was wet. I genuinely wanted to cry but soothed myself with the growing warm feeling on my legs, and just focused on keep peeing. It was the only enjoyable experience of it all, and I remember soaking my shorts, and wetting part of my socks with my scared pee.

The wetting itself didn't feel that different than just letting go voluntarily, so that's why I never did this again, but it was certainly an experience 😅

(That game definitely scared the piss out of me 😝)

