Would anyone like to join me for a hold?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-11-10 05:01

It's been a while since I last wet my pants (the ultrasound post was from a while ago). I've been craving some full bladder desperation and was wondering if anyone's in the mood to join me for a hold?

*007*2022-11-12 09:44

Hey all, I didn't end up wetting that time, I think I just held my pee for a while and then had to go do something. I would def be down another time though, if you guys are here I'll post again

*010*2022-11-17 18:46

I'm down to hold today! planning to start filling up soon 🙂

*012*2022-11-17 18:55

I'm gonna start by making a cup of green tea, I'll let you know the quantity of fluid once its made. I'm also gonna fill my 1 litre water bottle and start slowly sipping. should be squirming in short order 🙂

*014*2022-11-17 19:23

{{23 minutes ago, Legscrossed said:

Had a couple of beers this evening. Kind of need to go

}}

You're ahead of me then. Currently drinking 2 cups (500 ml) green tea. I think I already had to pee a little which is gonna make this quite a bit more challenging - already feeling a tiny urge, maybe a 3 or 4 out of 10

*016*2022-11-17 19:27

{{2 minutes ago, Legscrossed said:

Getting urgent for me. I can hold for a long time though. But 2 beers and a glass of water want out

}}

If you can hold for a long time why not up the ante and have another small glass of water? Or do you want a holding challenge instead

*018*2022-11-17 19:33

The mug of green tea is almost done and i'm starting to feel it hit! just changed into some very cozy leggings with a light fluffy lining, trying to decide between jeans over top and sweat pants... I also have cloth cargo pants that are light blue so they show wetness really well...

*020*2022-11-17 19:39

Nice! how desperate/full would you say you feel out of 10?

*022*2022-11-17 19:41

{{Just now, Legscrossed said:

7.5

}}

Definitely wait for the water to hit you! sounds like you've still got some room in there!

Hopefully I catch up soon 😄

*024*2022-11-17 19:44

My motto is if I'm not leaking yet I don't really have to go, but I do leak easily when my bladder's full

Lightly pressing on my bladder right now to tease myself... I'm starting to feel the urge building

