Era's tour. Desperate for the loo

Author: WetandDripping

*000*2024-07-07 09:01

A few weeks ago me and a friend got tickets to Taylor Swift. It was an amazing night. But my pants didn't stay dry the night.

I'd seen the news article of people wearing adult diapers to make it through. I wasn't worried though as the venue I was going too had made all the bathrooms unisex.

I met my friend Emily who was going with me and we decided to go to a pub for a few hours before. It was a warm day and we kept on ordering to keep hydrated. Just fizzy drinks for now. Alcohol makes me need a wee almost instantly.

Before leaving the pub we both decided to pee. We walked to the ladies and found a queue of at least 30 swifties all planning the same. A few grabbing their crotch and sure enough a couple holding diapers ready for the night ahead.

Looking back this was a mistake but we both decided we weren't desperate and skipped the line to head to the stadium. I was about a 3/10. Not major and not worried. We entered the stadium and headed to the bar.

Emily had sorted the accomodation and drinks because I had got the tickets. I wasn't paying attention when she ordered me a Strongbow Cider. Cider is a drink I adore but nothing makes me need to wee more.

We headed to our sets as we did I noticed the already enormous bathroom queues. We was right in the roof with an amazing view. As soon as Paramore came on my mind was distracted. I was drinking my drink, dancing and singing terribly.

45mins had passed and my pint was gone. Calm restored and the moment I took my seat again. Boom. 8/10 for needing a wee. I decided to head down and see what the bathroom situation was. It was awful. Queues at least 100 people deep.

In the end I returned to my seat. As I'd been trying to pee Emily had been to the bar again and brought us four pints. It was like she was trying to torture me. I sat tapping my feet trying to pretend I didn't need to pee already.

Then the main event Taylor came on stage. Straight away the urge to pee was masked by more of me dancing whilst singing like a cat. For nearly 90mins I didn't even think I needed a wee. Until the Folklore era...not a dancy era I sat down. 10/10 must pee now.

This time I didn't even try the bathrooms I just tried to keep moving. Wiggling, tapping feet and talking to strangers to distract myself. I gave out all my friendship bracelets just because I was bursting for the toilet.

It is an amazing concert and it finished in amazing style. But then the queue to leave hit. And my desperation kicked in 12/10. I'd drunk 5 pints in 3 hours. It was an emergency.

I wiggled as the queue slowly left down the stairs. It got worse as we got outside the cold air making me realise my shorts had a warm patch. I'd clearly peed and not even realised.

Leaving a stadium with 67,000 people isn't ideal for finding a place to wee. So I grabbed Emily and hurried towards our accomodation. I knew I wouldn't make it all the way but we was walking along a river with bushes.

I had to walk a further 15mins to avoid the crowds then I told Emily I was going for a wee. She said she needed to as well. So we dove into the bushes thinking we was alone in this idea. As we entered we found two other swifties with light up bracelets emptying their bladder. There wasn't spare for all four of us so we had to stand with the gushing sound of piss bursting beyond belief.

Those two girls left and we finally got to squat. I got my jeans off but my panties. They didn't make it. My pee gushed out of them without control. Poor Emily had it even worse she had completely soaked her leggings, she had got them off but I'd later learn she'd never pissed in a bush before.

The Eras Tour is an amazing night for both music and desperation.

