Planned wetting and spontaneous adventure!

Author: Wet Mandy

*000*2017-04-21 19:17

I’m back and I’ve got a pretty interesting experience to share. It’s another public wetting, but I feel obligated to say that that’s not all this story will include. It was totally unplanned and definitely off-topic (so if any moderators feel obligated to move it to another forum, I won’t be offended) but it ended up altering the experience significantly and I feel like if I excluded it just to cater to omorashi it wouldn’t do the experience justice. So without further ado, here’s the tale.

Sunday night after I published my story, I went to bed thinking about how I wanted to put on another public wetting show. Like Wednesdays, I have class on Monday, but it’s a different class so I figured that if anybody had witnessed my wetting last week, they wouldn’t be present to see this one. I didn’t want this to be on campus, though. (I think its best to let some time pass before wetting myself there again) Instead, I planned on doing it somewhere off-campus after class so I needed to regulate my desperation more carefully. Right before I left to head to class, I picked an outfit. Shorts seemed like a good choice again because I really liked seeing my bare legs glistening with pee last Wednesday!

I reached to the back of my dresser and picked out a pair of white, jean ones. Now, before I describe them, it’s essential to mention that I’ve had these for a very long time and for some reason, a reason I couldn’t remember in that moment, I had stopped wearing them. I shrugged off my suspicions and decided to wear them anyways—they seemed to be in good condition. No holes no stains. Why would I have stopped wearing them? I would later be faced with an interesting adversity because of my decision. They were high-waisted and fit much like my other shorts—tight around my thighs, crotch and butt, and comfortably loose around my waist.

I especially liked how the fly was wide and long, extending all the way down to the seam between my legs (I really dislike pants where the zipper ends farther up on the crotch for some reason). Again, I rolled up the legs. And, again, I went commando to spare my panties, as always. To accentuate my small waist, I wore a brown, leather belt. (Do you ever think about how women’s fashion is just about emphasizing our fertile features?) I also wore my white flats and a burgundy tank top that hung just above the waist of my shorts. After inspecting myself in the mirror, still not being able for the life of me to remember why I stopped wearing these sexy shorts, I grabbed my backpack and headed out for class.

The subway ride was uneventful, for the most part. Except I couldn’t help but notice a man admiring my legs on the seats across the aisle. My rule of thumb usually is to let admirers look undisturbed. (Unless its really creepy, of course!) I caught him goggling multiple times. Every time I looked his way, he would swiftly adjust his stare so it seemed like he was looking at something else. I just smiled and shifted in my seat a little. Don’t ever let a girl tell you she’s not flattered! 

At my stop, though, it became apparent why he couldn’t take his eyes off me. I didn’t notice until surfacing from the subway, when I felt a gentle breeze down where I shouldn’t. I instinctively glanced over my breasts, down at myself. There it was. The reason I had stopped wearing these shorts. The zipper was completely undone! It was yawning—gaping-- and my bare skin was clearly visible behind the white denim. You’d think the little flap behind the zipper would have covered me up!

But it wasn’t nearly as large as it should have been- it was actually quite skinny and, not only that, both parts of the spread zipper were pooched outwards, further exposing my pelvis. The zipper must have slipped down, I realized, because I distinctly remembered examining myself in the mirror before leaving home. Mortified, I ducked behind a little brick half-wall and yanked it up! It slid like butter and clearly had no grip. But I got it up and for the time being it seemed like it would stay on its own. I breathed a sigh of relief.

I continued walking, though always careful to keep an eye on my crotch. In no time at all, I saw the gleam of the metal zipper handle as it began to slip down again. I yanked it up before it reached the halfway point. This was going to be a problem. I even considered going home and missing part of class just to change! But the irony wasn’t lost on me—I’ve made a hobby out of wetting my pants in front of people but I was embarrassed about an open fly! Apart of me laughed inside. I’ve always been a bit of an exhibitionist—it’s partly why I find public wettings so thrilling! 

In the past I’ve worn dresses and sat with my legs too far apart (a few times I’ve revealed more than just my panties!) and, of course leaving one too many shirt buttons undone. Even wearing a low cut shirt can get me going! Hell, these are all things I’ve done since high school! The thrill of seeing men notice these ‘malfunctions’ and enjoying them is one of the greatest feelings in life as far as I’m concerned. Not to mention my husband goes crazy for these kinds of antics! (In fact he’ll probably get a kick out of me wearing these shorts in public in the future!) And I know that guy in the subway really enjoyed what he saw (which may have been more than just bare skin). With all of these thoughts rushing through my mind, and my sunglasses concealing my line of sight, I glanced back down at the faulty zipper.

Maybe it was the increasing pressure on my bladder. Or maybe it was the rough fabric of my jeans brushing against my clit as I walked. But, whatever it was, and as crazy as it sounds, I was turned on by the idea of walking around with my fly wide open. It would seem innocent enough (I mean who sees an open fly and assumes somebody left it like that on purpose??) The handle was probably a quarter of the way down by now and you could already see the teeth pooching out some. I guess my swaying hips pulled it apart. I continued walking, noticing that every now and then a long stride would make it fall a little more.

Before it even got halfway down, I saw a sliver of my skin showing through the growing gap. A guy stared at it in passing. I took a sip of my water bottle, still preparing for my wetting later, getting turned on by this in the meantime. Gravity pulled the zipper the rest of the way down in one long, totally silent sweep. The handle hung at the very lowest point, dangling between my rolled up pants legs. From the belt buckle on my waist to the bottom of my crotch, there was a gaping hole, yawning, breathing with every step I took. Thank god I keep waxed! The gentle breeze now aerating the inside of my pants reminded me that my bare skin was clearly visible! My sensitive vagina, however, remained covered, although hardly. I continued walking to my building.

At a street corner I stopped with a group of people waiting to cross. Some were oblivious, but it didn’t take much time for a few to notice. A guy even repositioned his stance so he could nonchalantly steal glances at my crotch! I stood there with my hands in my back pockets and pretended not to notice. It’s interesting, really, how strangers won’t tell you-- I guess it takes some courage. But in this guy’s case I don’t think he wanted me to know! When the light turned, I noticed him walking parallel to me as we crossed the street, always stealing glances at my fly. I saw the faces of drivers I passed, too, sitting behind their idling cars, clearly mesmerized by my gaping zipper. It was absolutely exhilarating!

Passing through an especially attentive crowd of grad students, I made my way to my classroom and went to my seat. The class was still filling, but the seats directly next to mine, which belong to two attractive looking guys who like to copy my notes, were still empty. Farther along the row though, a girl was staring wide-eyed at my crotch. My heart rushed. I sat down, trying to ignore it, and started unpacking my things. If my fly was gaping when I was standing, then I don’t know what to call it when I’m sitting!

My legs were spread a little, and the zipper, being so long, loosely contoured my crotch down in between my legs. It went so far down that I heard the zipper handle brushing against the plastic seat whenever I made any slight adjustments. My hips, though, pulled both sides apart majorly. So much exposed skin! Even with my short, unsuspecting glance, I could see my labia through the gap! What a wild pair of shorts! This was going to be an interesting class, I thought to myself.

The girl two seats down couldn’t take her eyes off me. After about a minute she waved spastically to get my attention. I kept my nerves cool and acknowledged her odd gesture. I knew what was coming. She leaned over to me and whispered, “Your zippers open!” I acted like anybody would upon hearing such news—I went wide-eyed and blushed, throwing my hand into my crotch to grab the zipper and pull it up. “Oh my god I can’t believe I was walking around like that!” She responded sympathetically with an open-mouthed, teeth-closed grimace. I matched her expression, thanked her, and went back to my computer screen. I was partly disappointed: it was exhilarating that she had noticed, but I wanted the guys who sit next to me to see! 

Suddenly I felt some relief. Actual relief—physical pressure being lifted! After zipping up, my shorts had gotten significantly tighter. But my wide hips were at it again, separating the frictionless zipper inch by inch. I didn’t dare look down. I didn’t have to. By feeling alone, it was obvious that my shorts were unzipping themselves. My fly only undid itself partly, though. Luckily, I had a water bottle that needed refilling. So I stood up, making sure to face the nice girl as I slipped out of my seat. We exchanged a brief smile and I saw her eyes dart back to my crotch, surely noticing the partly undone zipper. She said nothing. After I passed her, I glanced down to inspect the damage. My zipper was already fully undone. The poor girl must have witnessed it fall the rest of the way—her good samaritan act was for nothing! I had a feeling she wouldn’t tell me again.

When I reached the water fountains, I had a chance to inspect my fly more closely. I was actually intrigued by how wide it could spread. In the privacy of the small hallway, I decided to test my limits. I reached down to see if the zipper was really as unzipped as far as it could go. It was actually longer than what showed on the front—curling under my crotch another inch or so. So I pulled it the rest of the way down! I even pulled at the sides to make it gape spectacularly! Guys, let me break the fourth wall for a minute and tell you that this is something I plan on doing again and again. It’s not omorashi but if you want to hear some sexy stories about it, I’ll start a tumblr (which has already been suggested to me). I was excited to see how a wetting would go. But it would be risky to do it in too public a place—wetting your pants with the zipper gaping wide open didn’t make for a very believable scenario!

Anyways, now that my zipper was fully down and positively gaping, and my water bottle was filled up, I made my way back to the room. The girl noticed immediately but still said nothing. My neighbor guys were both seated now and getting ready for class, which was about to start. I sat down, my hips pulling my zipper further apart I’m sure, the cool ac air gently caressing my exposed labia, and got my notes page ready on my computer. Both guys noticed, simply fixated, seemingly unable to take their eyes off my crotch. I suppose this was one of the luckiest days of their life! I felt so naughty! But I just continued acting oblivious.

They said nothing when class started. Two and a half hours passed and no one said anything. It’s hard not to look down at yourself for that long! But I persevered—honestly not knowing just how much was exposed at any given time. I noticed that my guys were having trouble concentrating- their notes page was practically blank! My bladder was getting pretty full, too. I imagined what it would be like to start peeing right there. A good bit of urine would probably just spill out of my fly! Hell my shorts would probably barely get wet at all! It was a thrilling thought. When class finally ended I made sure to stand up first, holding my crotch within inches of the guy sitting to my left! The girl one seat down couldn’t stop smiling. In fact we exchanged a smile as I passed! I was really having a fantastic night!

I filled up my water bottle at the fountains one last time and started walking to the exit. With my fly gaping, yawning with every step, I made my way through a crowd of darting eyes. I actually really had to go to the bathroom now, but I made sure not to throw my hand into my crotch out of desperation. I was having too much fun playing dumb to risk giving myself an excuse to notice my wide open zipper! I headed to the subway and rode it down one exit to a little privately owned bookstore I sometimes go to. They have good coffee.

The streets weren’t too crowded along the way, but of course many people still stared at my crotch in passing. At the bookstore, I made my way to a group of comfy armchairs. They were organized in such a way as to face all of each other around a coffee table. They also had big, flat armrests that were ideal for placing a laptop on—the perfect excuse to keep my crotch exposed! There was a girl who must have had the same idea as me, reading from her laptop, sitting comfortably and sipping her coffee. She was black with a gorgeous, frizzy hairstyle and big, loopy earrings.

I took the chair directly across from hers and set up my computer. She noticed my fly immediately. I half-expected her to say something! There was nobody around, it would have been the decent thing to do. I was actually hoping she would just so she could witness it fall down again like the girl in class had! But I suppose she decided against it. After I got comfortable, sitting Indian style (with my fly positively gaping I’m sure!), my laptop sitting to my right on the big chair arm, and the cool ac air flowing freely inside my jean shorts, I looked over at her to see how she was handling it. Dead stare.

A few minutes later I saw her holding her phone suspiciously! I’m positive I was the lively subject of her snapchat or twitter or something! The thought crossed my mind that maybe one on the guys in my class took a picture of me too! I just pretended not to suspect anything and went back to my computer screen. For 45 minutes I sat, though constantly adjusting myself to satisfy my bladder. By the end I was rhythmically waving my legs open and closed. I’m sure it made my fly look incredible! I was pretty desperate at this point, though still determined to remain ‘oblivious’ to my exposure. I packed my things and left, the girl watching me the whole time.

Exiting the shop, I saw there was some distance between the bookstore and the subway station. Walking along the well-lit but empty street so late at night really made me want to pee. God knows I had to! I could feel my bladder muscles quivering. I spotted a bar with a big window at the street corner. It looked like one of the booths was filled. I walked up and stood there, waiting for the lights to change. Then, with the crosswalk button pressed but no traffic, I turned around to face the window.

Three middle-aged gentlemen peered out at me, smiling the whole time. One made a crude zip up gesture. They had clearly had a good bit to drink (on a Monday night, for christ’s sake!) What a great opportunity! My heart was racing! I looked down at my exposed skin and back up at them, making no move to fix myself. In that instant, I had made my vital decision. I started to tease my bladder muscles, letting my piss teeter at the very edge of my urethra. I was utterly thrilled but I couldn’t wipe the horrified look off my face. I placed my hands on the front of my thighs and spread my legs a little, urging my bladder to let loose...

It was less of a steady release and more of a burst! The noise was clearer than ever through my open zipper. The sound of liquid gushing against denim—what a lovely sound! I felt it rush under my ass and to the sides of my thighs. My rolled up pant legs quickly became damp and started dripping. Skinny streaks of urine began streaming down my legs. I leaned forward some. That’s when it found its way to my open fly. In a thick, glimmering stream, it poured out of it and splattered onto the cement sidewalk. The harder I pushed the more that found its way up to my wide open zipper. I closed my eyes and pushed as hard as I could, breathing deeply. With my chest heaving, and hot piss shooting against my clit, I shuttered at every sensation. 

The tops of my shoes were still dry. I felt myself smile and opened my eyes, still peeing, and met the drunk men’s gaze. Two were frozen, one looking down at the water works and the other looking me right in the eye with a brilliant smile on his face! The third was laughing jovially with his hand on his buddies shoulder—he must have been the one that pointed me out to them in the first place. If you’re reading this, guy: great call! I leaned back, cutting the stream of piss spilling from my fly, and let the last soak into the tight denim against my butt. I slid my hands slowly from my thighs to the back of my waist, right above my back pockets. With the show over, my legs and crotch glistening, and my audience mesmerized, I gave them one last smile.

I’m sure with my eyes positively sparkling! I turned and crossed the street to the subway entrance, still not bothering to zip my shorts up! Clutching the straps of my book bag, I walked quickly, though making sure to tantalizingly sway my hips all the way across. I wanted to shove my hand into my open fly and vigorously finger myself! I’m sure my pussy was fully engorged by that point. But even more than that I wanted to get out of there so I rushed down the stairs and hopped on the train right before it closed its doors. There were only a few people, all with a row of seats to themselves, minding their own business. Nobody paid my open fly and soaked shorts any notice.

On the ride home, I thought about how I could recount my story for you guys. This was definitely the hardest experience to capture! I don’t know how I mustered the courage to do that! I suppose desperation really enhances my spontaneity! While it was absolutely thrilling to blatantly wet myself in front of those men, I don’t think I’ll be trying anything like that again anytime soon. In hindsight, I could have actually gotten in a lot of trouble! And I think I’ll save these shorts for general exhibitionist purposes instead of wettings in the future-- most of my piss just poured out of the open fly, after all! I changed out of my wet clothing when I got to my car. I got my shorts in the washer before my husband was any the wiser. I want to tell him soon—maybe I’ll show him this story first! Like I said earlier—he’d probably really enjoy seeing me with a broken zipper!

I hope you enjoyed my story! And I hope that you guys enjoyed the non-omorashi parts too. My next stories will be more in line with the norm. (I actually put on a show in the grocery store parking lot earlier today! You’ll hear about it later of course—it won’t be nearly as long.) So give me some ideas!!! I love to hear your responses!

