Do girls ever get embarrassed if they need to pee really baffli

Author: willbill

*000*2024-12-06 13:33

Basically do any females get embarrassed because from having to pee, to where they try waiting and start squirming or pee pee dancing but say they don't have to go if asked - then when they barely can hold it, finally admitting they "really do have to go "

Back during my first year in college I ended up going to a party with a group of friends I met through living in the dorms but coming back with just this girl named Lisa. While walking back, I could tell she needed to pee as she kept trying to reach her hand down by her crotch, though in asking if she needed to use the bathroom, she told me no, but less than a couple minutes later, she briefly stopped and held herself saying "I have to go potty really bad". With this, she ended up going behind a row of bushes in someone's yard rather than both an open gas station and pizza place we passed.

With my dorm being the first building and hers being farther on the next block, along with my roommate going home that weekend, I got her to come up to my room. Almost right away we started messing around while sitting on my bed to which I got her to take both bher bra and pants off to where she was just in her top and panties shortly after. Within several minutes though I noticed Lisa starting to bounce her legs up and down while in my bed, to where I asked if she needed to go to the bathroom again to which she said no again. Shortly after though she stared squirming around and over the course of a minute got faster to where she was doing this almost nonstop as grabbed her hand down to hold herself and again say all of a sudden "I have to go potty really bad".

With this I just noticed her panties were a little wet. I assumed she noticed me looking as she said "I really do have to go" as I tried to delay her, but only about 20 seconds later I saw it spurt out of her panties. Right after she frantically said she was trying to hold right as she went a little more to where she said she didn't think she could hold it. From there I asked if I could watch and she just kept going in little bits to where I told her its was OK and just to go if she wanted since the mattresses were waterproof. She just kept going in little bits and spurts every few seconds though the whole time and never lost control or just let it go, which it lasted maybe a minute in total.

I ended up telling her right after that I thought it was hot and that it was OK, and with this she ended up getting up and I simply took the sheet off and left the mattress without one. With this I immediately started asking about her peeing habits if she had this happen before or if she ever had any accidents, and during she took off her soaked to where we both started going at each other and making out pretty strongly as I had my hands all over her.

Through the rest of the night she ended up staying, in which around 45 minutes later, the same thing happened again, then happened again in the middle of the night to which she woke up while laying on me to where I just took off my sweatshirt and held it under her as she just completely let go this time as well as in my garbage can in the morning.

