Didn't Last the Night...

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2016-06-13 16:13

Hi! I'm Molly, and I've been into omorashi for a while now. I found out about this site and I think it looks cool, so I thought I'd share some of my stories. I'm bisexual, but when it comes to omorashi, I swing for girls more. I just love the looks on girls' faces when their pants are covered in piss.....

I love to pee my pants. I pee my pants at least 3 times a week. It always feels so great having all that hot piss go all over my legs and ass.

I'm sure a lot of people are wondering how I look, too. I'm 117 pounds, I'm 5'5''. I have long brown straight hair. I'm 19, and yes, I still live with my family. I don't really care as I'm on vacation right now from college. When September starts up again I'll be moving back into my dorm.

Just so you guys know, I'm not really planning on posting any pics or vids of me wetting myself. Sorry. I'm too shy for that.

So anyways, I love drinking a lot before I go to bed at night. I just love the feeling with my bladder full the next day where I have to rush out of bed to make it to the bathroom. I guess it's like an alarm clock for me. So I drank about 3 cups of water before bed last night. I hate pajamas, wearing them I just don't like. So I sleep in my clothes from the day before every night and shower in the morning. It sounds a little gross, but it's like an OCD thing I guess.

So I was wearing my faded blue skinny jeans last night with a bright blue v-neck on. I was also wearing a red thong as well. Like I said, I drank about 3 cups of water. I was feeling horny before going to bed, so I ended up masturbating before I slept. Just the thought of waking up the next day made me pretty horny alone.

I went to bed, feeling an urge to pee, about a 3 or 4. But this was nothing I couldn't handle, I thought. I went to bed at 9 since I was exhausted from that orgasm. But around 4 o'clock in the morning, I snapped awake. My bladder hurt, and I really needed to pee. I didn't feel like walking out of bed, but I ended up just sucking it up and going. I sat on the toilet, and tried to pee, but for some reason, I couldn't go.

I gave up trying and went back into bed. I lay awake for about 10 minutes, still needing to pee. I fell back asleep for about another 2 hours, and woke up at 6. My bladder was really hurting. I seriously needed to pee. I didn't want to go back to the bathroom, because I already did it once and that didn't work out so great. But there was no way I could get back to sleep with the bad urge. I decided that I would pee a little bit in my pants until I could control my urge. So I started to go, with my ass immediately soaking up a lot of piss. I pissed in my pants and bed for about 10 seconds, until I started to see my pee going onto my bed sheets. I almost couldn't stop, I had to shove my hand into my jeans and grab my pussy.

There. I felt a little better. My 10 urge went back down to about 7.5. But my piss started to get cold, and my ass was getting bothered by this feeling, so I turned around and slept on my stomach.

This made me aroused, and I probably would have masturbated again if I weren't so tired. But that arousal crept its way into my dream. I dreamed that I woke up at 4 in the morning again, and walked into my bathroom. But I couldn't get my skinny jeans unbuttoned, and I really needed to piss, so I sat down on the toilet and just let it all out. My lower body became very warm all of a sudden. All I heard was a hissing, but I didn't hear anything go into the toilet. Wait, what? I thought. Why isn't it going into the toilet?

My eyes immediately opened. I could still hear the hissing noise and my legs were now burning in warmth. Shit! I'm wetting the bed! I haven't pissed the bed in a few months now! I tried to position myself to sit on my knees, and I tried shoving my hand in my crotch again to stop it, but I couldn't stop. I admitted defeat, and fell back onto my stomach again, wetting all over the front of my jeans. I looked up, still laying down, and saw a huge puddle creeping in all directions. My stomach became warm and my shirt starting getting very wet.

I guess I was moaning, and I guess it was pretty loud, because my mom ran into my room, thinking I was hurt or something. But no, I was indeed wetting my bed. My parents don't know officially of my kinks, but I think they suspect something. But my mom didn't see at first that I was wetting all over my bed and clothes.

""Molly! Are you okay? Wait, what...." I didn't even realize she came into my room until she said that. I turned, and saw her there. But I was still peeing, I still had some left in my bladder.

"Mom!" I said. "Uh...w-what do y-y-you need?"

"I heard you moaning, I thought you were hurt, and, well, you wet the bed!"

There was no denying it. I couldn't hide it, other than the fact that I was still laying on my stomach on most of the mess, but she could tell from my wet ass and uncovered parts of the puddle I made, that I did wet the bed.

I blushed. I didn't even look at her. I couldn't.

"What kind of child do you think you are, Molly? You are 19 years old! You are not some little kid! I expect you to clean this mess up by the time I get home from work! No kid of mine is gonna do that sort of shit in my house."

She left the room, and I started crying into my pillow. She couldn't and wouldn't understand what even happened really.

I sat up finally, and looked at the mess I made. There was a HUGE puddle on my bed. My sheets were absolutely soaked, probably stained that way now. They soaked up my piss after 5-10 minutes. I felt my jeans. The front of my thighs were dark and soaked. My shirt? The bottom of it was wet, too. What a mess.

It's been about an hour since I woke up to that mess. I still haven't cleaned it up yet, I'll do it later. In fact, I'm still wearing my clothes that I had my accident in. I feel so naughty and dirty. I'll get back to you guys on what happens soon.

UPDATE

I finally took off my pants and put them in the laundry. My thong is still absolutely wet. It's soaked. I threw all of my clothes in the laundry, and stayed home alone, naked. I was pretty aroused by all of what happened, and how naughty I felt, so I masturbated some more. I had a huge orgasm, and between me and everyone here....I squirted a lot if anyone cares to know.

I feel so naughty by all of this, but I'm so proud of how big of a mess I made. My room reeks of piss, and I'm sure my mom is gonna have more to say to me when she gets home from work.

That's it guys! I hope this wasn't too boring!

