Dam broke

Author: wetskipants

*000*2020-10-15 12:59

It's been almost 40 years since I had an accident ... and tonight it happened.

Of course there are different degrees of 'accidents'. There are deliberate accidents, there are true accidents that were in no way planned and then, in between, there are accidents that come after deliberately making yourself desperate but involve a genuine loss of control. This was the third type.

I set off on my regular late-evening walk after work already pretty desperate. Forty minutes later, as I came up the slight hill on the last street before our house, it was a real challlenge to hold on. I could feel the heat of the pee all the way to the tip, ready to jet out.

As I walked through the front door, I considered my predicament. Everyone else in the family was already asleep and the two bathrooms are closr to the bedrooms, behind a shut passage door. I decided to go to the back patio and take off my sneakers. Balancing on one leg as I undid the firat shoe lace, I almost lost control. But when the second shoe lace knotted as I tried to loosen it my concentration lapsed.

I felt a warm flush in my briefs and walking tights. Not a full gush but much more than a trickle. It lasted three or four seconds and then stopped. I felt the front of my tights and the confirmation of what had happened was obvious. They were soaked at the front, the wet patch extending to the top of my thighs.

I had had an accident! It was a true loss of control. I walked onto the back lawn to breathe in the mild, night air and my whole body relaxed. I didn't consciously choose to start wetting again and it wasn't like the abrupt loss of control the first time. This was a gentle, calm restart of the flow as if it was the most natural thing to do ... and it lasted for at least 45 seconds, maybe a minute. Not a mad gush, just a pleasant, steady flow. There was no desire to try to stop it. By the end, my tights were soaked all the way from the front to my ankles.

I've never forgotten my previous accident (a true one in ski pants when I was about 11) but this one will be even more memorable.

*003*2020-10-15 22:16

{{6 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Nice!! How did you hide the evidence? 🙂

}}

Filled a bucket with soapy water, went back into the dark garden, stripped off and cleaned myself off. Quick wash of the clothes and hung them on the washing line around the side of the house.

Luckily there were clean clothes in the washing basket waiting to be folded and a half dry towel on the line.

Still buzzing about it this morning.

*005*2020-10-19 11:56

{{21 hours ago, Wetsy said:

Done exactly that many times

}}

Do you still get the rush?

