Settled in for desperate study

Author: Weather

*000*2023-04-16 17:54

It's been a little while since I've actually really done anything omo-related. Spironolactone makes it harder to hold my pee, and the changes with HRT changes the way my sex drive works, so had kinda just been on hiatus.

Today I headed out to get coffee. Nice day, very rainy. Didn't go before leaving my apartment, didn't really need to. I got coffee and food and then drove towards a park on the beach.

At this point, I noticed I kinda had to go. The pit-pattering of the rain on the car was making things slightly more desperate too. I decided no, I was going to do what I had set out to do. I got to the park, parked the car, turned on my mobile hotspot, and got out my laptop.

As I did my nails (I tend to do a lot of that sort of stuff on Sunday lol) I was reading a research paper for one of my college classes. It was a bit difficult to understand at times, and I was starting to get rather distracted by my urge to pee. So I did what I sometimes did before: stop, clench down against my bladder, press hard on my abdomen, and then relax into the seat. I whined but did fine holding everything, and I did put myself into my "relaxed holding" mode. I then went back to drinking coffee and studying.

I used ChatGPT to help me understand the methods used in the paper, I watched a 20 minute youtube video that gave me a little more background to what I was studying, and all in all I was there for about an hour and a half. As that time passed, the pressure was building, and every once in a while I'd press on my abdomen to see how things were going. I'd whine again and find that there was almost no give when pressing where my bladder is. I'd then go back to settling in, whimpering occasionally but otherwise focused on what I was studying.

I finished my coffee, my brain got tired, and I decided to head back home. First, I did another coat on my nails, and then I left. Rather than taking the most direct way, I took a trip that would be about twenty minutes. On the way out of the park there were a lot of speed bumps, each one thrusting my fairly solid bladder further up my abdomen. I drove home, took some time putting things together to get out of the car, and then stepped out into the fairly hard rain. Bent over a little bit before reminding myself I had taught myself not to do that, and straightened myself up.

I walked to the elevator, took it to my floor, headed at a relaxed walking speed to my apartment, and entered. I set my things down, took my rain coat off, and looked in the mirror. My stomach bulged out slightly, but not much compared to what I used to do before transitioning. That being said, pressing on it resulted in it basically not moving whatsoever, along of course with another nice dose of desperation. Then I dressed down, stepped into the shower, and let it all out (sorry, wasn't quite in the mood for peeing myself clothed). It took about half a minute to empty my bladder.

