Wet myself during Zoom lecture!

Author: Weeing Willow

*000*2020-04-22 04:54

The idea of wetting myself during lecture came to me basically the very second I heard that my classes would be transferred to an online format, so of course, I had to go through with it.

Earlier in the day I had smoked some weed with one of my friends (it was on 4/20) and since I get cottonmouth pretty intensely when I smoke, I was drinking a ton of water! I had gone to the bathroom once while he was over, but by the time he left – about 30 minutes before my class started – I already needed to go again pretty badly. Looking at the clock, I pondered: could I make it all the way through class? At this point it was difficult to tell, but I was determined to try. I kept drinking small but frequent sips of water to keep me hydrated.

By the time class started, I REALLY needed to pee. The water hit me a lot faster than I expected, and by the time I logged on, I knew I wouldn't last an hour and a half. I turned on the video camera as normal (audio is always off) and watched lecture. Or, I would have watched lecture, except I needed to pee so bad and I was so hyper aware of how I looked that I just kept watching where it showed my video feed to make sure I wasn't letting my desperation show to any of my classmates.

In my seat, I was squirming, pressing my legs together, squeezing tight to prevent myself from leaking on accident. Through some choice hip movements and repositioning, I finally got to a place where I felt like I could hold a little longer. My professor requested we open our books to a certain table he was referencing. I was forced to move my hand from holding myself to grab the book that was on the chair next to me. My legs were shaking as I opened the book and slowly located the correct page and I was able to regain control of myself, hands-free.

A spike of desperation hit me as his explanation droned on and I instinctively removed my hand from the book and SHOVED it between my legs. Then I remembered I was on video and quickly checked my feed to make sure my face wasn't bright red. I wondered if anyone had seen me. Only my shoulders up were visible but the sudden motion could've seemed out of place. My expression was slightly pained. It was getting a lot harder to hold, now 30 minutes in to the class period, and I definitely would not make it to the end.

I had to get up to get some more water. I carefully stood and slithered out of view of the camera, cramming my hand back into my crotch the second it was safe to do so. I made all the scrunched faces I could and hopped around pee dancing before returning back to lecture. I had to keep my hand on my crotch at all times at this point or I would absolutely lose it.

It was around the 45 minute mark that I felt my bladder finally begin to give way. My professor was talking, and writing, and my classmates were watching him, and I was slowly losing control of myself, desperate to keep a straight face. The harder I tried to hold the less relaxed my face was, but relaxing my face meant losing control. I opted to keep a neutral expression and... I leaked. "Oh my god," I thought to myself, "I'm pissing my pants in class. Oh my god. I'm having an accident." I tried to mask my expression of horror and embarrassment with one of slight confusion, as the weak but steady trickle of pee began to permeate my underwear and puddle beneath me on the chair. I kept trying to hold it in but my muscles could only squeeze so much, and before I knew it I could hear drips of piss on the floor.

I was mortified. I pushed my laptop camera up and put my head down slightly so only my forehead would be visible. I couldn't control my facial expression anymore. I let my muscles relax in defeat and allowed myself to release all over my shorts, all over the chair, all over my floor, camera still running, lecture continuing on. My breath was heavy. I raised my head again, and did a quick survey of the damage of my lower half. I was absolutely soaked and a large puddle surrounded the chair. I could feel my face flush with embarrassment, and I looked at my video feed again. Luckily the camera luckily barely registered it. My classmates looked as normal. As far as I know, nobody had noticed.

I stayed there for about 10 more minutes before my professor decided to end lecture. Every movement in my wet seat reminded me of my bad behavior.

Sorry I don't have any pictures but I hope y'all liked the story! Stay home and stay safe!

*008*2020-04-27 05:40

{{On 4/25/2020 at 1:46 PM, Shoshana said:

That was great. Thank you for sharing. Think you'd do it again?

How big a class was it? Small and intimate or big and... unintimate?

}}

It was a pretty small class of 20 people, all of whom are in my major and I at least know of them and have seen them before! I forgot to mention that!

