Desperate Deliveries Part 2: The Breaking Point

Author: WetWinter

*000*2021-10-11 05:49

So, about a week ago, I posted a topic where I told you all about a truly desperate situation I got myself into while out working as a delivery driver for Amazon, which you can read here:

$/70988-desperate-deliveries-with-pictures/

And today, I had another omo-heavy day at work, however, I think I might've indulged this fetish a little too much this time around, cause I ended up completely wetting myself involuntarily at the end of my shift today, which was equal parts thrilling and nerve-wracking. It was pretty much the most incontinent I've ever felt as an adult. >_<

The first part of this story is pretty similar to the last; with the exception of maybe one bathroom break (I honestly don't remember if I peed at all during my lunch break, lol), I ended up holding it for the vast majority of my delivery shift, and ended up very desperate as a result.

Once again, I ended up holding until my absolute limit for a few reasons. Firstly, I was waiting for a real bathroom and saving the refillable bottle I had tucked away in my backpack as a last resort, secondly, I wanted to get my work done with as few interruptions as possible, and finally, well, it's just exciting for me.

However, for whatever reason, I didn't end up lasting as long this time around. Last time, I didn't hit my limit until around 7:30 PM, which marked the last half-hour of my shift. Today, I was absolutely bursting at around 6:30 or so, with about an hour and a half of my shift left; I was grabbing myself and squirming every time I had an opportunity to go into the cargo bay of the van, and I made a lot of opportunities for myself because I genuinely wasn't sure when I was gonna have to just give in and let it out. I even tried taking off my belt to relieve some pressure, but that only helped for a few seconds. And what helped even less was the fact that I was driving on a lot of bumpy gravel roads, which would jostle my now-heavy bladder pretty often.

As you can probably guess by the mention of the gravel roads, I was delivering to some fairly secluded rural houses around this time (and throughout most of the route, tbh,) but I still was denying myself any opportunity to use the bathroom, even though I was literally potty-dancing while organizing my packages at this point, bouncing up and down and shifting my weight whenever possible like a impatient schoolkid as I sorted the boxes and envelopes.

However, I finally conceded to my need to pee when my next delivery took me down a curved gravel driveway that was long enough and had enough trees surrounding it that I was sure I could stop and pee after dropping off the package with the van out-of-view from the house; I figured there was basically no better opportunity, so after scurrying to the front door and setting the big box down, I speed-walked back to the van and began driving away.

However, there was one critical flaw with my plan, which was that extending the leadup to release by driving away from the house would only make my desperation ramp up even more than if I just went into the cargo bay and did it right away. I was squirming in my seat in a way I don't think I'd done since elementary school as I pulled to the side of the road, and it was a struggle to not let out any big leaks as I put the car in park and started standing up. (Small leaks were of course okay, though, lol.) When I was reasonably sure I wasn't gonna leak everywhere, I scrambled into the cargo bay, and... proceeded to do just that.

I'd stored the empty bottle on the shelf next to the bags of packages I had lined up, and my bladder skipped straight from leaks to spurts upon seeing it; I tried to hold myself shut with both my strained bladder muscles and my hands, but I could tell the dam was bursting at that point, so I put all my mental energy into pulling my underwear and shorts down, completely ignoring the stream that was starting to flow freely from my crotch.

And when I say "completely ignored," I mean it; in the second or two I was taking to unscrew the top of the bottle and get it into place, I was outright peeing on the floor of the van like a dog, and that made this already-exciting release even more arousing. It's not like I left a big puddle on the floor or anything, since it was for such a short period, but it still felt so naughty to do.

In fact, I'm a little embarrassed to admit it, but I was so horny after almost filling that bottle to the top that I couldn't resist the urge to start stroking my soaked member for a few seconds before snapping back to reality and remembering I was a few stops behind schedule and needed to clean up the small mess I'd made somehow. >_>

Luckily for me, I'd packed an extra t-shirt in my backpack that I knew I wouldn't be using, so I just mopped up the urine with that; there wasn't enough for it to really get soaked, thankfully. With that out of the way, I was able to bask in my relief for the next few stops, and bask in the mild exhibitionism of my shorts and underwear being just a bit wet from the earlier leaks as I continued along my route. ;))

That is, until about an hour later, when I could suddenly feel that my bladder had been quickly refilling after I'd broken the seal earlier, without me even noticing for most of that time. Just like the last time this happened, my remaining driving time was coming down to the wire, and I had a few more stops I had to wrap up before I could drive back to the warehouse, and this combination of limited time and limited holding ability was absolutely not what I needed for this final stretch of the day.

And so, I worked my way through my remaining stops as fast as I could with my desperation starting to mount for a second time, narrowly managing to finish a few minutes over the 8PM deadline set for us delivery drivers. As I walked back to the van, I was sure I'd be able to make it back to the station without any incidents, but when I actually sat down in the driver's seat and loaded up the return route on the delivery phone, my body decided that it was time for a full release, this instant.

All of a sudden, a wave of desperation that shook my bladder to its' core coursed through me, and I was frantically grabbing at myself and squirming in my seat all over again, as if the first release never happened, even though it'd barely been over an hour and a half. My need to pee had skyrocketed in an instant, and in spite of my frantic attempts to hold it, I was leaking in my pants once again, and I could tell that my strained holding muscles stood no chance against the oncoming flood.

I was absolutely floored by this wave, and genuinely had no idea what I could do in the face of it. Even if my other water bottle could contain the flood, I knew I didn't have the time to prepare it for that task. And so, I panickedly jumped out of the van, since I knew that above everything, I had to spare the seat from being soaked, even if everything else would be.

Even though I was standing right outside the driveway of my last delivery, and even though I probably could've been seen if the homeowner decided to step outside, I didn't care in the heat of the moment. I was ready to piss openly in this quaint little suburb if it meant I could save my clothes and whatever dignity I had left at this point.

However, none of that would be necessary, as after taking just a second too long to fumble with my belt, the last of my control finally gave out for good, and my pee started gushing out uncontrollably into my clothes. I don't think I ended up going for all that long; probably just a minute or a minute and a half at most, but not much time was needed to completely soak the crotches of my boxer-briefs and my uniform shorts, which I was very grateful for being dark black at the moment. I was also thankful for the general darkness of the night concealing this wetting even more.

But of course, that wouldn't have made much of a difference if there had been any bystanders outside, as anyone would've been able to hear or maybe even see the streams of urine dribbling down directly from the rim of my shorts onto the pavement. However, in spite of those outer streams being the ones that could've gotten me noticed, I was personally more concerned with inner streams snaking down my legs from my underwear.

And why was that?

Because as those streams of warm pee flowed into my socks and shoes, it dawned on me that I was having my first genuine accident since childhood, and a barrage of mixed emotions ran through my mind in response.

I couldn't tell if I was more excited, stunned, embarrassed, or anxious as I realized what was really happening in that moment. I had pissed myself completely, totally on accident and out in the open for anyone to see. It was an experience I'd quite literally fetishisized and fantasized about for years, but it was so shameful and humiliating too, for the exact same reasons.

And plus, this was all still happening on my work shift. I stiil had to make the return trip back to the warehouse and hope that none of the people still working there would notice the smell of fresh piss all over my lower half. Even though I wasn't spotted during the accident, I was far from in the clear.

I was incredibly anxious as I took the spare shirt out of my backpack again to serve as a makeshift towel for the drivers' seat. For the next half-hour, I was constantly adjusting the air conditioning in the car in a desperate attempt to dry off my shorts, and by the time I made it to the nearby gas station we used, I could tell it wasn't enough to fully hide my accident, even if it had helped a bit.

As I pulled back into the loading bay at the warehouse, the moment of truth was arriving fast, and I was ready to get mocked and possibly even suspended for a few days, returning to the station late with wet pants...

But miraculously, no one seemed to notice anything. I just returned my delivery phone, van keys, and empty bags without incident. I was shocked, but incredibly grateful nonetheless. I'd somehow managed to indulge my omo fetish to the point of a complete public accident and got away with it, and the mental relief that I wasn't in trouble for that rivaled the physical relief I'd experienced earlier. I was finally able to breathe easy and reflect on the biggest lesson I'd learned from all this:

"Damn, diapers really are a big convenience."

*002*2021-10-13 08:34

{{10 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

This story was so hot! It's crazy to imagine the utter humiliation of losing control like that at work, wow! Thank you for sharing, I loved this

}}

And thank you for the compliments! I wanted to capture both the humiliation and the exhilaration that I felt during all this, so I'm glad to hear you enjoyed reading about it.

