Training your bladder to be more relaxed

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-07-26 05:03

Has anyone else gently trained their bladder to be more relaxed over the years? Basically when I was young I used to have a bladder of steel, I could have to pee super badly and really want to wet myself but I couldn't unless I consciously forced myself to let go, meaning I was often holding past the point of discomfort. Over the years, I've slowly trained it to let go a little more easily so that instead of struggling in pain holding, my bladder will start to leak to ease off the pressure and then simply release and wet pretty much on its own before it gets too painful. 

I developed overactive bladder a couple years ago unrelated to this (due to frequent UTIs) so that can be a little annoying bc my bladder now tries to release when its NOT full sometimes. But overall this "relaxation training" has been SUCH a positive change. I won't wet myself involuntarily unless I'm really desperate, so I can control it for situations where it wouldn't be appropriate, but if I am, my body knows it is okay to let go and will do so without me having to force it. If I get my bladder full enough, all I need to do is leave my house for a walk along the trails nearby and I know I will return home in some nicely soaked pants.

Really curious if anyone else has had this experience?

*003*2022-08-26 21:25

Literally just practice over time. Start wetting more often, letting out little leaks on purpose and staying in your wet undies to signal to your body that its okay to be wet. You can try letting a little bit out without fail every time you get above a certain level of desperation (if the situation permits and you're in the mood that is). Eventually your body does get used to it and it becomes easier to leak when you want to.

I would also suggest not holding for long periods of time as much though. If you like holds, do shorter ones with a very full bladder and let yourself leak and finish by wetting your pants. In general, the more often you're used to going the more often you need to go, and if you hold off it will get more urgent. Just train yourself that its okay to wet your pants and it will become more normal.

*005*2022-08-28 03:40

{{On 8/26/2022 at 10:50 PM, wettingman said:

I didn't consciously train my bladder to leak when it is full, before it becomes really painful but it has happened nonetheless. I too used to have a cast iron bladder, able to hold my pee for hours after it began to hurt . It took a high tolerance for pain to have a real accident, wetting my pants because I.could not hold it ( intentionally).About 12 years ago I started leaking involuntarily when I didn't want to. I figured I had been indulging in pee play too much. My brain associated the sensation that my pee was going to come out and peeing in my pants with pleasure, and acted to please myself even when I didn't want to.

Now that I am older if I just need to pee if I get close to having an opportunity to do so or think about it I sometimes leak, even in public. This has lead to an occasional obvious wet spot in the front of my jeans. It does not concern me so much anymore .

** NEXT MORNING EDIT, ADDITION **

Although I think the pleasure center of my brain certainly is the primary cause, of my bladder being “more relaxed”, after I posted this when I was in bed I thought of this. It happened a long time ago and I had forgotten it. The incident did result in a change in my extreme holding capabilities.

I was doing a long well hydrated hold until I could not prevent peeing in my pants. I was sitting on the floor wrapping Christmas presents. My distended bladder was painfully overfull. My penis throbbed from the pressure of all that pent up pee. Eventually my pee felt like it was going to come out. I struggled to continue holding, although it took much of my concentration away from my task. 

A short time later a leak occurred followed by a bigger uncontrolled spurt. I could not hold it any longer, and since I forgot putting a towel under me,( not that it could absorber the huge amount of urine I could hold) and not wanting to get a massive amount of urine on the carpet, I stood up to finish my wetting in the tub. * When I did I felt my bolder sized rock hard bladder swinging about by my ureters inside me. It was extremely painful and literally felt like my bladder was going to tear loose from my ureters. This scared me obviously. I didn’t enjoy that wetting. My bladder was sore for days. For the most part, I couldn’t hold to that extreme after that.

That said I can still hold 900 ml if seated or lying down, but as soon as I stand up I start to lose control.

}}

That's really interesting that you think your leaks were caused by your brain associating peeing yourself with pleasure. I was told my OAB was caused by frequent UTIs and my family also has a genetic component, but its possible I could have an element off this too.

Sorry to hear you went through that painful experience with your hold though! I always try to let go before it gets quite that bad, I wouldn't want to do any permanent damage and I just love wetting my pants too much haha

