Discreetly three times wetting

Author: Wetsetter

*000*2020-03-04 21:03

Long time reader first time writer. My spouse does not share the same fetish as we do, so when i get the urge to feel wet, i have to be discreet. Today for the first time i soaked myself while my partner was home. Three times!!!! First was late at night, woke up at about 3am and had to pee. Well i went into the garage for a ciggerett and just let go. I stood their while smoking and had a spurt, than i crouched down and let the wetness reach my butt than spill onto the floor. Left some absorbent to clean up as it was allready all over the floor. Second time it was after i woke up. Had coffee, took my vitamins and extra water to wash them down.

As i sat with my pj's and kimono i had another urge. This time i leaked as i sat, let the wetness take my crotch, my thighs than my butt. To my surprise you couldnt tell, the flannel pjs never changed color. As i was wearing a robe it was double hidden. So i wore it for about an hour, leaking the entire time untill i felt cold. Soaked from waist to toe (in the garage again standing over my clean up to keep hidden). Now shower time and first load of laundry. I am now horney as hell. Took a shower and played with the shower head for a bit, but my god it wasn't enough. I dryed off and decided to dress for the day. Started by dishes.

I noticed another load of laundery needed to be done... so drink up!!! This time i was a little more noticeable. But feeling wetness is quite the desire today. Drank more, got myself to a 8/10 in 2hrs. And began to mop the floors. With the pail filling i let a little out, just to get the dampness on my underwear. Mopped the house, took my time though as my tight pants pressed against my bulging bladder. I leaked a bit as i mopped and decided fuck it, one more big one for the day. I went to the ensuite bathroom to "mop" started in one corner and just let go. I completely soaked myself, right down to the last drop, huge puddle on floor and desired to masterbate, but didnt. I let my now soaked clothes press against my skin and puddle grow on floor. It was amazing. Now my laundry is in wash, house is clean, and i trying to think of another discreet way as i dont think the urge is over.

*001*2020-03-05 01:35

Any thoughts? Im nee to this group, trying something different here.

