Fun time...

Author: Warrior of light

*000*2011-07-15 15:32

So recently I was at home by myself (maybe not really by myself) and I had basically nothing to do but play video games in which the fun wears off after a few hours. So i was in-game playing black ops and started drinking water to see if i could start something.

2 hours in I stopped playing black ops drank more water and browsed the internet...mostly here. After a while i got bored again so I turned on maplestory to see if that could speed up time and the process.

A few more minutes in my bladder gave me a quick jolt of pressure, ignoring it I proceeded but soon after, I mean SOON after the jolts became more frequent. I pressed my legs together and drank more water and continued on with my game. Another hour or so in I disconnected due to crappy internet and Windows 7's incompatibility to MS. As pissed as usual I was about to go back on when a huge wave seemed to crash on my bladder. The frequent jolts soon turned into a consistent pain. I couldn't really use both arms for a while so I was handicapped down to one. I always had to keep at least one hand on my crotch to keep from losing it and soon even that wasn't enough. A while after I started leaking. I could feel the first few drops land an my underwear. The drops turned into longer streams but I had soon stopped it before I had lost everything. The pain was growing stronger and it became torturous.

My bladder was fully distended and I was reaching my limits. I can feel the urine squeezing its way out into my pants. I was leaking frequently and didn't even know it until I saw a huge wet spot on my pants. To tell you the truth I wasn't really intending to go that far but with the fun I was having I knew I had to keep going. I kept crossing and uncrossing my legs pushing my hands farther in my crotch. I was going to keep it going till a reached a full blown accident too but my mom usually come home at five and It was already 5:15. If she saw me like that I'd be toast so I had to end it without things ending up with me being either caught or bored again.

My pants were already wet enough considering the wet spot was bigger than my PSP. If I let out too much she'd notice and you cant really hide much stuff from her. So I thought of another way. I remember those stupid commercials of paper towels them always saying that they have the most absorbent of all of them which made me start experimenting. I decided to test how absorbent they really are. I took just about enough and you can guess the rest. I the let go and felt the warmth cover me and slip through my hands and stream down my legs. Btw Towel papers are NOT that absorbent ;). I stood there for around 2 mins until it stopped finally. After this I put on back the same pants I was wearing and put on a larger shirt to cover up the wet spot on it.

Ya that made my day less boring.

