First time in snowpants

Author: waffle-x

*000*2023-11-24 13:47

I've been feeling super burned out this week so I thought I'd take a mental health day to myself.

I'd peed once right after waking up. But after that I had a big cup of coffee and two glasses of water. So I was feeling pretty desperate when I decided to go on a walk.

For context the sun sets incredibly early here in the nordics at this time of year(and daylight savings doesn't help). So about at the time I started to feel desperate was when I also realized that the sun would start setting in 45 minutes.

I've always wanted to try snowpants wettint, but felt hesitant about it because I don't own any shoes I wouldn't mind soaking. Today I just came up with a great idea, so I suited up and left.

On this walk I wore black panties and dark grey leggings with black stripes. Not maybe the best for photos, but they were both in my dirty clothes hamper. Up top I wore a black Nike Racerback tanktop and a turtleneck sweater. On top of that I wore my Black snowpants and Blue Down jackets. I put on some hiking boots and I shoved grocery bags inside my shoes, so any pee running down my legs wouldn't soak the insides of my shoes.

Now I love going on walks and peeing myself, but I can't seem to combine the two together. Atleast I can't get myself to pee while I walk. So what I would do is walk until I felt desperate, stop walking, make a little spurt in my leggings and continue walking.

It felt very naughty walking around that way. There was no way to check mid walking how wet I was. Especially since the snowpants didn't show any wetness. I felt so naughty thinking that all the people driving past me had no idea I was walking around soaked in my own pee from the waist down.

Today was just the right kinda weather for a walk and I had just enough clothing on to not melt walking around in my clothes. No wind either.

After all that I walked back home. To check the damage. It wasnt major, so my shoe "innovation" was kinda pointless. But because I felt I still had some in me, I took my shoes and socks off, then emtied the rest of my bladder into my snowpants in my shower. It felt heavenly as always.

&&

IMG_2921.mov

Even after the heavy soaking my snowpants didn't show any signs on the outside. I'll have to try this out some other time, if I'd now have more confidence going outside&&

&&

&&

*003*2023-11-24 15:11

{{29 minutes ago, OldWetGuy said:

Looks Great! Love the puddle at your left foot.

}}

Thank you! Still no idea how it all came down just one pantleg.

