I Haven't Wet The Bed in Forever

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-10-06 03:22

So I realized that I haven’t actually wet the bed full-on in a while. Like, sometimes when I’m in bed late at night and I’m horny, I’ll let a little bit out, just enough to dampen my pants or a little bit of my bed. But I haven’t fully wet the bed, where I had to change my bedsheets and pants. So, last night I decided I would. I knew Emily had a class that she had to be in first thing in the morning, so she would wake up before me.

After planning it out accordingly, I drank a lot of water. Like, a shit ton of water. By the time it was time for bed, I had a good urge to pee. It wasn’t bad, but I definitely had to go. I put on some pajama bottoms, which are pink. I was also wearing a pink thong underneath. I hopped in bed, and it was difficult to fall asleep because I had to pee. But I ended up falling asleep.

Now this is my favorite part about bed-wetting. The waking up part. Subconsciously, I felt my front thighs and shirt getting warmer and warmer, until I finally snapped awake and awoke to myself drenched. It was about 5 AM, and Emily had to wake up in an hour. I had to wake up for 10. I turned on my flashlight on my phone, and there was a huge puddle in my sheets. My bed reeked. I pulled down my pants and panties, where my bare ass was in the puddle. I grabbed my dildo from underneath my bed, and started masturbating. It felt so nice. I came so hard, and it set sort of an exhaustion in me, where I pulled up my pants and fell back asleep.

I slept right through Emily leaving for class, and I ended up waking up at 10 when my alarm went off. It felt really uncomfortable in my pants because it was drying, but it was still damp. I woke up with an urge to pee, I hadn’t peed in about 5 hours then. I walked out of bed, stood in the shower, and released the rest of my bladder into my pink pants. I walked back into my room and took a quick picture. I already took of my sheets by now to change them and I realized after the fact that I forgot to take a picture. Sorry. Anyways, I was getting even more horny, so I went in the shower, and grabbed the shower handle and used it to masturbate with. It felt even better than my 5 AM orgasm.

Anyways, I spent the better half of my day before class doing laundry. But that’s all I have for this story, sorry it’s short but I really have to pee, and I don’t want to pee at my desk. Emily is also home so I don’t know if she’s gonna walk in on me peeing in our room, so I’m just gonna end it here so I can pee in the shower. Thanks for reading guys!

$$

*006*2017-10-08 05:27

{{On 10/6/2017 at 5:34 AM, amberpee said:

Excellent story and love the picture. Thanks for sharing. Since you and Emily share a room, do you think she saw that you had wet the bed?

}}

Not sure. she was out of the room and in class before i even woke up. she didnt say anything about it after so i dont think so

