Got caught wetting myself hiking

Author: wetdraggon

*000*2025-08-28 18:35

I took a day to myself to go hiking in my favorite spot near denver. I love this place so much and was the first time I found silence and solitude since I relocated. When I was younger, this always would be the place I would retreat when I had the urge to explore this fetish, especially when I was much more shy about it.

Im definably not as shy about it anymore! This was my second to last wetting out of five and I was sitting by the waterfalls enjoying the silence and doing some yoga. I was eyeing this rock for about an hour when I could tell my bladder was starting to fill and thought it would be a great spot for a soaking.

I hadn't seen anyone for about an hour and I was definably looking around to make sure no-body would sneak up on me, not only the rushing water was making my urge...well more urgent, I couldn't hear anything.

Well, just my luck, literally the moment I let go of the flood gates, 2 women appeared on the other side of the river🫣

I froze for a moment, still flooding my jeans while I was waiting to see what they were going to do, hoping they didn't notice.... They just stood their watching me!

That's when I got down onto my knees to try to hide my accident in progress still flooding myself. Im hoping they were too far away to really fully process what was happening. Lets just say I got out of their quickly.

Enjoy💦

IMG_6063.MOV

*006*2025-08-31 19:08

{{19 hours ago, PippinPlover said:

Standing barefoot on hot rocks and letting your piss puddle around them is such an A+ sensation!

(Also, nice to see other folks from the Denver area on here! We have the most scenic spots to wet in, lol.)

}}

Absolutely! Especially with the sound of water rushing, it's really quite a surreal feeling. Glad your in denver too, this is definably an underrated fetish, the women ive been with, once they got over the "taboo" they really enjoyed the freedom of letting go.

*007*2025-08-31 19:27

{{13 hours ago, scinosensation said:

Do you expect to ever encounter those women again?

}}

No, theirs an anonymity living close to the city and im pretty conditioned to being a bit wild and feral meaning im elusive like bigfoot but in a cuter less hairy body😄

*008*2025-08-31 20:50

I took a few videos and pictures that day, I enjoyed how this photo came out. I practice bow staff and fire spinning and carry a stick with me every time I hike and spent some time moving it around while desperate and proceeded to loss control and wet myself while staying focused on my stick.

I took this photo, takes a new meaning the old west term "desperado"

&&

