First Time Totally Losing It ...

Author: wet_an0n

*000*2023-03-11 01:05

I decided to do a challenge tonight and it was quite the experience lol! Shout out to @Mycall

, who made my favourite hold on Milovana.

While this isn't my first time doing Mycall's challenge, this is the first time I've had what I'd consider a true accident.

Something that I attribute to my autism, I register my need to pee very suddenly, with a lot of pressure all at once. That's exactly what happened tonight. I was sitting in the living room playing Stardew Valley when my bladder decided to scream at me, and I thought it would be interesting to do an impromptu hold. I was wearing dark, ripped skinny jeans and a black turtleneck tucked into it, and felt very proper in it, but that was certainly about to change. I hopped over to Milovana and started Mycall's challenge. The highest level I could start at was level 1, but I was already feeling like a level 2, as I was crossing my legs in my seat.

I started level one and did some exercises, jumping jacks, yoga poses, and squats, which made my legs feel incredibly weak. After about 4-6 exercises, I had enough points to move up to level 2. If you've ever played this challenge, you know that in between levels 1 and 2, there's a bonus challenge that involves taking a 15 minute walk. I've never done this challenge because I'm insecure and the social interaction with the people I'm living with to say, "Hey! I'm going for a walk!" is often too much for me XD. But tonight, they were out at a concert, so I decided to brave the cold and head out for a walk.

My legs ached from the squats, but I made it down the driveway and into the bitter cold. after about 7 minutes, the challenge instructed me to let out a little squirt into my boxers. at this point I was busting to pee, so I happily obliged the challenge and let out a bit into my pants. Cars went by as I peed into my boxers just enough to feel a warm spot of wet, and I felt nervous and a little naughty. After I was done, I made the walk home, my wet underwear clinging to my crotch in such a wonderful way.

The walk home was agonizing. My muscles weren't letting go just yet, but it felt like I was filled to the brim with pee, and if I let go just a little, I'd be far wetter than I already was. I made it home without accident, but the relief of getting to the house was perhaps a little too much for my body to handle. I got inside and threw off my mittens and jacket, pacing back and fourth, unable to keep still. I was too full at this point, and I was ready to explode. I bent over to untie my boots, and the pressure of my skinny jeans against my bladder made me squirt. I raced to get my boots off, and once I did, it was all over.

My bladder let go onto the doormat. I clutched my crotch to try to stop the flood but there was no use. I could feel the muscles in my bladder trying desperately to stop the flood of pee to no avail. I clambered off of the mat and onto the floor, knowing it would be easier to clean the floor than the mat. My hands still clutching myself, I wet myself on the hardwood floor, soaking my socks, and making big, dark, wet streaks run down inside of my legs. I was stunned, eyes wide and mouth agape in awe of what had just happened.

I got out of my wet clothes and threw them in the wash, cleaned the floor, and as I'm now sitting in my dry, fuzzy robe and typing this, I'm still reeling. I can't stop thinking "holy fuck I actually pissed myself, like I fully fucking pissed myself, oh my god that's wild." and so on. Safe to say I had a wonderfully wet time tonight. Shout out again to @Mycall

, and anyone who actually read all of this!

