Windows XPeed Himself - On Purpose

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2021-10-09 23:36

This is my place for documenting my not strictly accidental wettings, as there are plenty. I also have some genuine accidents, which can be found on my profile, if you're interested. Genuine, also referring to 'unplanned'.

A lot of my staged / intentional wettings have been genuine accidents for optimal pleasure - they've just either been planned or perhaps I've just been happy to pee myself as the desperation has developed, so aren't strictly accidental.

If you're like me, you like certain details - such as what the person who had the "accident" was wearing. I'll try to include that clearly at the top of each story. You'll find I favour formalwear but not exclusively.

I also tend to waffle, which I try to keep under control. I'll try and keep to the important facts lol

Hope you all enjoy the series! First one coming within the first half hour of opening this thread.

*001*2021-10-10 00:57

Green is crucial info, while blue is background info.

So tonight I've got a couple days off from work for once, which gave me some good wetting opportunities.

I'm still in my work clothes, which consist of trousers (black or grey) and a white shirt or polo shirt, both usually tucked in and fastened up including the top button. Occasionally I'll wear the blue tie with the shirt or just wear the blue crew-neck sweater we have instead. Today I wore the jumper, but took it off later on, leaving just my white shirt tucked in to my black trousers, still fastened up.

I was ready to kick my feet up when I got home from work tonight. I knew I'd be off for a couple days until my next shift in the retail sector. I work for a budget supermarket, with the uniforms being as described in the previous paragraph. Whatever combination of uniform I decide to wear (not really sure why it's not just polo and pants like everywhere else - why so many options? not that I'm complaining lol), I tend to just stay in it after work as I relax, rather than change once I get home - just like I did back in school. This helps with my omo fetish, although I'd stay in my clothes even if I wasn't in to omo.

Anyway, I get home from work after a long-ass day and I have my tea. I'm sitting there waiting for it to cook, playing on my phone. I've not peed since getting up about 10 hours earlier, which isn't unusual for me. I'd drank 4 waters since the morning pee and 2 cola's. They were starting to catch up with me as I sat there scrolling through my 'push notifications' and replying to some missed messages. Nothing a quick wriggle and pinch in my seat wouldn't fix. It was a strong urge but subsided quickly.

I hadn't yet planned to wet, but found as the evening progressed, it was the obvious option. More-so than going to the toilet, which is what I went to do after my tea. During my tea (or dinner, whatever you want to call it), I noticed a subtle but uncontrollable wriggling of the legs that occasionally become less controlled and more wild for a few seconds before settling down again. I knew once I finished eating, I'd be fine again, so thought nothing of it. I finished up before eating it all because it was starting to get a bit too constant. 

The desperation, I mean. I thought I was going to leak in the end, but it quickly settled down upon standing up. It returned again while I was filling the dish bowl to clean my plate etc. I also finished off the water bottle I had drank half of on the bus ride home, while the bowl filled up with soapy hot water. A bit of potty dancing ensued, and quickly rectified the sharp but brief desperation. I could feel I had a full tank of strong piss inside me. Still didn't thing much of it, though.

I went over to my gaming room to put all my pocket items away, like my wallet and keys etc. I then pressed the power button on my comp and walked straight to the bathroom, squeezing myself to suspend the constant but subtle urge that had flared up while in the gaming room.

I get in front of the toilet, yank my zipper down on my grey trousers, pull my jumper up a little and go to get myself out, before I suddenly consider playing a holding game. I knew exactly how it would end, but that just persuaded me to decide that I would. I zipped myself back up and put the lid back down on the toilet, deciding I wouldn't be using it for the rest of the night. I went back in to my gaming room and sat down to relax, then logged in to my computer and browsed some social media to respond to some more notifications and see what was going on in the world.

The wriggling and squeezing returned quickly. This time they had friends: cramps and occasional dribbles.

I often say I have a steel bladder, and how I don't see this as a good thing when it comes to my indulgences - like tonight, for example. But tonight, it was a lot easier to feel like I was genuinely gonna start peeing myself. I guess it all really was catching up with me - especially that gulp of water. I began to sweat, pant and make genuine pain noises as I unclipped my trousers. I left the zipper up though, didn't want to pee straight away but didn't want to do my bladder too many favours lol

That gulp of water definitely didn't help, as I suddenly, without more than a nano-seconds warning, urinated hot piss in to my grey trousers for 3 seconds straight. My hand went down so fast to pinch my member shut, which also caused it to soak through the crotch of my trousers and through my fingers. I had a quick smell. Mmm, pee.

That was so unexpected and hot. I'm not used to that, at all, no matter how bursting I am. No matter how much I WANT it to happen like that. I never get that lucky!

I could still feel it soaking through moments after finishing the leak. I pulled myself out from underneath the desk a bit to check the damage, forgetting my trousers where grey. I got a pleasant surprise when I saw the pee stain all over the crotch. I could have relaxed and let it go there and then. No, I must continue to hold. I want to burst.

The wriggling became truly constant and I had one hand jammed on to the front of my trousers. I was trying not to touch myself too long so would mostly settle for just grabbing the legs of my trousers or the seat or maybe the occasional brief pinch of my member. I must have held for about 2 more hours sitting there, rocking backwards and forwards, trying all sorts of holding gimmicks. The seat was already wet, as was my crotch, from the previous little accident. It was only a leak though, and the rest was begging to be allowed to flow. I was determined to hold, knowing not much longer was left.

Eventually the cramps became dire and it really felt like my bladder had hit a brick wall and could not expand any further. The grey trousers are getting tight as it is, and I had already unclipped them earlier. I still wasn't gonna go through the gradual unzipping I like to do while gaming, so I can hold it longer. No, I decided my bladder would get no more help from me.

I opened up YouTube and began watching some TV episodes. I watched about 15 mins of a 40 minute program, before the cramps started again - so the distraction worked well at first, but they returned with vengeance. I got a sharp pain which led me to believe this was it. I dribbled a bit, but that was it. No more, no pain, nothing. Usually when all goes quiet suddenly, that's a sign of the final moments before the storm. Or the flood, in this case.

Every 20 seconds or so, a dribble of wee would come out again. After 3 or 4 times all-together, I decided to pinch it shut to see what happens. The next dribble backed up and burst out almost immediately. And so the flood started. It was glorious. I stood up to do it. Feeling my trousers and shoes flood that freely after being so desperate - amazing!

I sat back down and waited a while to dry off. I carried on drinking and eating snacks and changed in to black trousers and grabbed some un-soaked underwear and socks from the laundry basket to change in to. 20 mins later they were all soaked too. I've not changed again but the outfit has been soaked about 3 times by now and I feel ready to go again.

Who needs toilets, right?! My tucked in white shirt is practically see-through at the bottom at this point lmao

*002*2021-11-01 20:12

So one of my favourite scenarios to play out is that of an American middle-class suburban frat boi, in terms of clothing anyway. I'm talking basic polo shirt with basic jeans. I don't know much about the culture and I don't really care, but the appearance of a young guy (early 20s) standing there in blue jeans or khaki pants with a polo has always turned me on.

Last night, I was sitting at my desk and browsing the web. I also played a quick hour of Hitman, which if you don't know is a video game that puts strategy, patience and time-precision at the forefront of its gameplay so that the protagonist can carry out his duties as a hitman effectively and efficiently. Not something you want to play when you're pre-occupied or distracted, then. Perfect if you actually want to have an accident trying to multitask though!

So there I am, sitting in my normal daily clothes (black berghaus combats with a north face top) noticing that I can't keep still at my desk. Usually that happens first, THEN I realise I have to pee, after I catch myself fidgeting. It usually hits me like a bus the second I realise and I have to get up and charge over to the bathroom, but if I wanted to hold it, then I'd be able to with a fair bit of squeezing (I'm talking both hands). It's painful, but possible.

I decided to change in to some dorky clothes I'd bought for these occasions, choosing mid-blue straight leg 501's (I think) that look like basic jeans you'd buy from a supermarket and an unbranded burgundy polo fastened up and tucked out. Then I just got myself comfy in my basic office desk chair and resumed my browsing before moving on to the gaming later on to push things further.

By the time I got to the gaming, I was pretty desperate. Hadn't leaked by that point, but my bladder felt so swollen and my peen felt like it could actually burst at times. I was trying to stay soft too, because I find erections subside the desperation. A good tool for when you're not looking to wet yourself but not when you are wanting to lol.

I kept having serious waves more and more frequently. My problem is that I believe I have a steel bladder and that I never feel like I have a limited amount of time before I lose control. I always feel like I could just go on and on - and I often do. This can lead to impatience. As I was having almost constant and continuous waves of pain, I figured the next one, I would not hold myself with my hands. I'd do everything I could to hold it, like gripping hold of the chairs arm rests and squeezing tightly, as well as fidgeting around in my seat as much as I needed, but I couldn't pinch my peen or comfort my crotch.

That wave came and I had a good grip on myself for the first few seconds, until the sharp stabbing pains attacked, and I knew that was bad.

I found it easy to keep my hands away and as if the gripping on the chair was helping up until that point, and then I felt warmth inside me. I could feel the warm pee starting to crawl slowly out through my dick. I knew it was over and the sharp cramps worsened greatly. Even if I wasn't doing this on purpose, I think I still would have looked forward to pissing myself just to get it over with and relieve myself of the pain!

I knew I was going to do it there and then, but that if I tried to resist it would shoot out as a burst rather than a steady stream (which would have happened if I intentionally let go), so I chose the burst for maximum euphoria and it was glorious. I sat there and had one of the nicest most relaxing pisses of my life!

I didn't even have to go twice, like I usually do after a long hold.

*003*2021-11-01 20:21

I should also add that my bladder was in a relief-deprived state yesterday, causing it to need to empty itself more often and with urgency. This is because I jumped out of bed for work at the last minute, threw myself in to the shower (it's a bath that you climb in to with a shower on the wall, so you can't just pee in the shower because you'd be peeing all over the bath, even with a decent aim at the drain) forgot I had to piss after getting out the bath and immediately dressed myself and ran out to catch my bus.

After skipping the morning piss (accidently) I spent the morning getting on with the job (pretty active one where I'm not stood around on the spot for too long, which helps me hold effortlessly I find) while occasionally feeling a brief stabbing urge to go. Very easy to ignore though and at dinner I forced a quick piss out, which was strong and musky in colour and smell. I then lasted about 10 mins before needing to go properly. This time more urgently and the urge didn't relax itself, so I ended up having to put my dinner down and go have a big piss. After that, it seems I'd overworked my bladder because any drop of liquid and I'd feel it lol.

By the time that story starts, it had calmed down but I had continued peeing regularly on the count of drinking cider lol

