Toilet? (Real story pee desperation)

Author: writter

*000*2025-01-03 00:14

The story is based on a true event that I was the hero of. I apologize for the level of English right away, but everything is machine translated

Introduction

It was a good relationship, he liked (still likes) omorashi, she liked bdsm, but the girl had one tiny flaw (although in the eyes of some it was a great advantage), she was often too lazy to go to the toilet when she was alone, they called such leaks "droplets", At some point Jan introduced a rule that for every droplet Marta would be punished (but I will tell you about this in other stories), in theory it was to encourage more regular visits to the toilet, in practice - it fulfilled both of their fantasies. On the day they were supposed to meet at Marta's house, she wrote a message "you know ....., there were drops at night", both knew that today the punishment would be meted out.

Jan's Perspective

I entered her house at around 9am, Marta opened the door, she was in her pajamas which consisted of my oversized t-shirt (long enough to almost reach my knees) and panties (she was home alone). We grabbed some chips and a jug of lemonade and went to her room. To be honest I was a bit horny by then but I knew it would take some time before my bladder filled up and the fun started. The next 2 hours passed peacefully, we watched a mediocre romantic comedy and I made Marta drink a lot (she drank very little herself).Since the movie wasn't the best, in the meantime I touched the girl to excite her (this was part of BDSM, first I excited her, then she would have to wait and beg or take care of me first).

When we finished watching the movie, she admitted that she was slowly feeling her bladder, to which I replied that she had to not pee in her panties. It was obvious that she felt uncomfortable, but only arousal remained on her underwear. I challenged her that if she lasted until 1 p.m. (it was 11 a.m.) I would let her use the toilet. I always liked to make it harder for her to fight her bladder in such situations, but today I decided to be an observer. She put on leggings and then we decided to play hearstone, Marta sat on my lap and started the game, wriggling gently. 30 minutes passed when she asked with hope in her voice "maybe I can go to the toilet after all", but I refused.

The next few minutes were a continuation of holding back urine, which because of our closeness (and the fact that I could feel every movement on my crotch) made me even more horny and for this reason I decided to caress the girl a little (which she was very happy about and demonstratively squirmed even more).At around midday she cummed heavily, leaning forward to say after a second that she should get off me. I knew this marked the beginning of a delectable performance. She made sure once again that she couldn't go to the toilet, then stood up and I sat in the chair next to her, advising on the game. She wriggled more and more, only to lean heavily forward again 10 minutes later. I suspect that another spill had taken place.

After another few minutes another leakage took place, now she had to put her hands on her crotch. When she calmed down, I passionately kissed her to show how much I enjoyed it, she looked smiling, however, you could see the pain on her face. After another refusal to go to the toilet, arguing that there were 30 minutes left, I heard a desperate "but it's long". My senses were going wild, especially as I approached Martha, I could smell the faint odour of urine. With 20 minutes to go, she bent over so violently and put her hands so desperately into her crotch that I was sure it was game over, but to my surprise, it only ended with a stain around her crotch.Obviously she couldn't concentrate on the game, so we played some youtube video. 

Three minutes had passed when she said "toilet" in a pleading voice, I felt sorry for her because I wasn't that into domination, but the level of excitement made me refuse. I didn't want to go on a mere appetizer that day (and there were days like that). She was already sitting bent over the whole time, so I don't know how much leaking there was, however at 12:50 she continued to hold on, I told her there was only 10 minutes left, however we both sat down that even if she persevered she would not be able to get up and walk those few metres. It was 12:54 when she bent over even more violently, I heard a distinct hiss and the urine flooded all over her leggings, the chair and made a huge stain on the floor, she peed for a good 3 minutes, after which she got up and wanted to go and wash herself, however I made her take off all her clothes . The sight of her naked, standing in her puddle of urine was so beautiful that I took a picture and saved it in a hidden folder (not the first and not the last). I carefully walked over and took her on the bed, then brought her to one of her best orgasms (we didn't have strict sex, more pussy licking AND fingering), having ejaculated in my trousers myself.

________

This is one of the fondest memories I have left of the relationship, but there are many more, so if you liked it let me know.

