Peed at work

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-08-20 08:21

Hey guys, so it's been a while since I've actually had an accident, especially in public. Of course, I usually deliberately make a mess of myself about 1 or 2 times a week, but usually in my bathroom or in my bedroom. But this happened at work last night, so I figured it was worth sharing with all of you guys. So I work at a McDonald's, and I usually work either the front counter or the drive-thru. Now, at my location we're only allowed one bathroom break/smoke break if we need it, and considering how many people smoke at work, I guess it's understandable that they wouldn't want people going on smoke breaks every 20 minutes. The same policy goes for the bathroom. Usually I use the bathroom around the middle of my shifts, and I can hold off pretty well after using it. But there have been a number of times that I've had close calls at the end of my shifts, where I have to run in to the bathroom once I clock out.

The uniform policy states that we have to wear black pants of some sort; black jeans are fine. Some people wear black khakis, but I prefer wearing black skinny jeans instead. It's comfier for me I guess. Anyways, so I woke up super late yesterday, like 2:00 PM, and I had work for 3:00, so I had to quickly rush to do my chores and stuff before work. It was when I was driving to work that I realized that I had not yet went to the bathroom! So I figured I would pee when I got to work, but traffic was a bitch. I ended up showing up to work 10 minutes late, and I still obviously had to piss. My manager saw me walk through the doors and she immediately began yelling at me for coming in late. I apologized, and told her that I was just gonna go to the bathroom real quick.

"Oh, no," she said. "You can help out right now since it's busy, and then you can go once it quiets down."

Fuck. I was really desperate at this point, and if I pissed myself at the very beginning of my 7 hour shift, well, it would make to be a very long day. I helped out, and finally, it quieted down. I quickly ran up to my boss and said, "the rush is done, can I please go pee now?!" She looked at me, and mumbled "Fine. Be quick." That was music to my ears. I ran to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet in just the nick of time, when piss gushed out into it. I checked the time on my phone. 3:45, it said. I was gonna be here until 10.

The shift itself was long, and painful, as that's how it goes in fast food, and time seemed to stretch on and on. I had a couple of sodas to keep myself refreshed throughout the shift, since it's summertime, and it gets hot in a kitchen. Toward 8:00 or so, that's when it hit me like a freight train. Suddenly I noticed my urge to pee came back. Ah, well, I'm sure I can hold off for 2 more hours, I thought to myself. It got much worse as the minutes passed, and soon I was finding myself crossing my legs. I turned to my manager and asked if I could use the bathroom. She knew I already went, and she was pissed at me for being late for work, not to mention I handed out 3 bags of food wrong, so she was not very pleased with me. So take a wild guess of what she said!

It came to the point where I was THROBBING in pain. Everything in my overall crotch area was in immense pain. I had to lean and put my hand on my crotch when my manager wasn't looking. [It violates health codes doing that] I had to still take orders through the drive-thru while in this immense pain and extreme desperation. The odds that my pants would survive this were not looking good. I was in the middle of taking an order through the drive-thru, when the unholy doors down below opened and my piss just gushed out. I had to use both hands with extreme amounts of pressure on my crotch to stop it. Not too big of a stain was on my jeans, but it definitely didn't feel comfy. My manager walked around the corner and saw me holding onto dear life.

"WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?" She yelled. "Go wash your hands. Now. I'm not paying you to do that with your hands."

So she didn't see the small patch on my jeans, but she saw what I was doing with my hands obviously. I washed my hands, and went back to order-taking. My manager kept me under a close eye for the remainder of the night, but things took a turn for the worst. Maybe 5 minutes after my close call, I had to deal with one more customer in the line and the rush would be gone. Just as I was getting handed money from the customer, my legs trembled, my pussy throbbed, and down came the rain.

I knew it was coming, but there was no way I could stop it. I had money and receipts in my hand, and if I made a sudden movement toward my pants with money in my hands, the people watching through the security camera would have assumed me stealing. I had to accept the fact that I was peeing my fucking pants in front of a customer. Luckily he couldn't see what was occurring since you can't see people's legs in a drive-thru, but still, peeing your pants in front of a random stranger at your work is pretty humiliating.

I quickly handed him him money as I felt my warm pee flow down my legs, where I could hear it splash onto the floor. He stared at me suspiciously as I was blushing immensely, but he drove off. At this point, I was at the point of no return and finished peeing all over my pants and onto the floor. My manager turned around and saw me peeing all over her floor. I told her that I really had to pee, and she was understanding of it, but she had me mop up the mess. My entire thighs were soaked out, and I had to finish my shift with wet, smelly jeans.

Ugh.

