My Ultimate Pee Fantasy Comes True, At Long Last

Author: wettingman

*000*2021-10-09 03:28

My ex-wife and I have been talking more lately. We decided to go out for dinner at a riverside seafood restaurant. Looking back she was drinking more than she usually does. She also drank extra water before I picked her up. We had a nice dinner, after which I asked her if she wanted to walk along the river. With a big smile, she said “no, it will make me pee my pants, I have been holding it”. I wondered what she was up to, but didn’t ask.

We drove back to my house. But instead of going pee she sat on the couch. She then told me what she had in mind. She knew what my life long ultimate unfulfilled pee fantasy was. She was going to fulfill it.

My fantasy was to have a desperate woman sit on my lap and wet both her and my jeans. I long wished to have her peeing pussy just a fabric width from my leg.

I wanted to simultaneously wet with her. However, I had a couple beers with dinner, and could not hold it long. She wanted to make it a true accident, and was not quite ready. So I peed in the toilet alone.

We went and sat in the kitchen, and I showed her what I was doing on this site, all the while talking about various things. Talking made me thirsty and I had to refill my bladder, so I ran some water. She was standing next to me, she said OH you’re running the water! You will make me pee my pants. She quickly crossed her legs and sharply inhaled breath through her teeth. She said she could still hold it for a while longer, and she wanted to wait until I needed to pee again. Just don’t make it too long. I drank several glasses of water to load up.

We sat and talked, mostly about pee for another half hour or so. It had been nearly 5 hours since she last peed and had drunk extra fluids. She was obviously getting very desperate. She could not sit still. She was constantly squirming and squeezing her legs together. She asked how I was doing, filling up my bladder, because she could not hold it much longer. She had a pained look on her face, and admitted it hurt, from her bladder to between her legs. She said it was ok though, she would try to hold it a little longer. About 10 to 15 minutes later her hand shot between her legs, and asked how much longer until I could pee, because she could not hold it much longer. I said I was not desperate, but I did feel like I needed to go.

She stood up so she could take off her jeans and sit on my upper left thigh. She said it would have ruined the surprise if she brought a change of pants, so she just had hid a fresh pair of panties. I said hold on I forgot the towel I was going to put down on the floor to absorb our pee puddle. I was gone less than a minute, but when I returned, she was holding her pussy tightly. She was smiling broadly and said “oops”. I asked what she meant, and she replied, “I told you I couldn’t hold it any longer. I just accidently peed a little on the floor. Oops”

I was delighted, and quickly put the towels down. She then sat on my lap straddling my left leg. Almost immediately I felt warm wetness spreading through her panties and my jeans, onto my leg. It felt amazing. I was so thrilled and aroused; I forgot I was supposed to pee too. She asked if I could feel her pee, of course I said yes. She said I am fulfilling you fantasy, but you are supposed to pee too. Oh yea, but I had a difficult time starting because I was fully hard. She was almost done by the time I got started. I let my penis relax a bit and I started peeing in my briefs and jeans. I went slowly at first because of my erection, but it went down a bit, and I started a long hard pee. Our pee and wetness combined on my jeans. She said my pee was getting her leg wet as it cascaded from my dick, and onto the floor. I was ecstatic to have finally had a woman wet her panties and my jeans. Another check mark on my bucket list.

I’ll leave to your imagination what happened next.

Later on she said she had to pee badly again, as did I. We were going to do something we had done long ago; both pee into the toilet at the same time. We had gotten dressed at that point, so she had to remove her pants, rather than just pull them down, because if I missed I would get her pants wet. Standing in front of the toilet, thinking about what we were going to do was too much for my bladder. Now it was me that leaked a bit on the floor. She saw it and commented on how badly I must need to pee because she saw it start to come out. She sat down and aimed my dick between her legs, and just like years ago we peed together.

To me the middle pix is the hottest, with her actually peeing on my leg. I realize now that my pants don't look that wet from the front. That is because I was sitting down and most of the pee ran to the back. My butt and back of my thighs were soaked. You will have to believe me because neither of us thought to take a pix of my back side.

$$

$$

$$

