My first time peeing on a bike!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-07-04 03:31

After two days of holds, I decided to give my bladder a break by wetting as often as possible whenever I got the urge, for the rest of the day. It was beautiful out so I decided to go mountain biking through the woods. Going over all the roots and bumps gave my bladder quite the jostling and it was hot out, so I had made sure to hydrate beforehand. In keeping with my promise to myself , I leaked in my shorts whenever I got the chance, standing up off my seat to let the trickles run down my legs. 

At one point I passed a loud creek that really made my urge increase, so I parked my bike and walked down to it so I could pee through my shorts into the creek. It was down a hill so I thought I was protected from people on the trail seeing but I did almost get caught! I ended up peeing all over my shoes in my haste to stop my stream. As I got closer to my house, I passed more and more people, but I'm pretty sure none were any the wiser that my shorts and bike seat were drenched with pee, as they were dark and quick dry fabric. That was my first time wetting on a bike and I can't wait to do it again. The speed and being in the woods lends an extra amount of privacy while still being public and the bumpiness of mountain biking is delicious on a full bladder.

*002*2022-07-04 07:42

It was awesome! Super freeing feeling to zip down a hill at top speed, piss streaming into your shorts and spraying behind you.

However it seems that between tiring out my bladder with holds the last two days and this little biking expedition where I told my body it was okay to wet whenever, wherever, my bladder has gotten a little TOO comfortable . I had barely any warning pangs and not even a leak before I released a huge flood in my kitchen this evening. Wasn't even trying to hold, just hadn't gone in a couple hours. It all just poured out at once, leaving me in a big puddle. Had a few dribbles in my pants later this evening too on the way to the bathroom. We'll see what the next few days hold... or not (pun intended 😉 ). Thankfully I'm working frpm home the next few days.

*004*2022-07-05 04:27

Has anyone else ever done a slow release of a very full bladder - one spurt/leak at a time over a half hour to an hour and eventually had your bladder get so relaxed that the leaks start coming on their own, without you having to let go at all? This happened to me on my bike ride the other day. Eventually I would feel a bit come out every time I would get up off the seat and I would feel some trickles down my legs if I dismounted my bike to climb a hill. I could've stopped it if I wanted to, this was nearer to the end of my wetting so I wasn't desperate anymore. But it felt like my body just got used to releasing after doing it continuously for a while, and it was a very nice sensation to just let it flow.

*006*2022-07-05 17:22

{{8 hours ago, Redshirt said:

When I was in school taking an exam and was super desperate I thought I could let a little out at a time and my pants would dry. Didn’t quite work the way it played out in my head.

}}

Oh no! As Amy Santiago said in Brooklyn 99 - "its exam time, so diaper up!" 😛

*007*2022-07-05 17:29

Any other creative wetting ideas I should try? After being out in public in wet pants twice last weekend by accident, plus my soaked bike ride, I'm feeling a bit braver.

*009*2022-07-06 07:21

{{13 hours ago, Redshirt said:

Yeah. I had a lot of mishaps in school 😞

I loved Brooklynn 99! There were a slew of accident mentions!

}}

I actually just recently started rewatching B99 and I gotta be honest, I never noticed omo/wetting references the first time around.h I just noticed the joke about Peralta trying to get Hitchcock or Scully to wet themselves by putting their hand in a bowl of water though. Do you remember other references like that off the top of your head?

*012*2022-07-18 22:01

Might do this again today! Any suggestions? (no nudity/nothing illegal)

*014*2022-07-18 23:09

{{8 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

Wear pants instead of shorts and make then tan so the pee really shows

}}

Oof very daring!

*015*2022-07-24 22:05

{{On 7/18/2022 at 7:09 PM, Wetlifter37 said:

Oof very daring!

}}

So I did this! Went biking in very light tan shorts so the pee streaks would show super visibly. The shorts got really dark all down my thighs, around my crotch and especially on the butt, probably because a lot of the pee pooled on my bike seat. I went in the woods so I wouldn't pass too many people, but on the way back a few people definitely saw me. I think I was going too fast for most people to really notice though, unless they were behind me as I lifted myself off the seat to go up hills... and of course release some more fun leaks.

*018*2022-07-26 04:32

{{9 hours ago, Wettishfettish said:

Was it super exciting and naughty feeling? Did you enjoy the sense of humiliation? What if you got off your bike and walked it along next time?

}}

I don't get off on humiliation, for me if I'm gonna feel humiliated I'll just adjust the situation so I'm not (remove myself from the public, tie a jacket around my waist etc.) But I do like the thrill/naughtiness factor for sure. I think the potential that I COULD be caught without the actual embarassment of it happening is the sweet spot of fun for me

*020*2022-07-26 05:30

{{7 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

I like that, everything thrilling always a fine line

}}

The fine line is definitely fun to walk

