I'm sure these are dumb questions, but I'm gonna ask them anyways

Author: Wide

*000*2019-07-21 20:02

I know, I know. It's a site about wetting yourself, and even without the fetish, most people have.

My curiosity just got the best if me, and also I'm curious if anyone's got any stories around the topic?

*003*2019-07-22 03:41

{{5 hours ago, nonny said:

I remember being shocked and worried by the old myth that some pools have a special dye in them that would make a cloud of purple or orange around me if I peed my pants in the pool.

}}

Hold up that was a myth? That's haunted me for years whenever I go to a new pool. How am I just now realizing this?

*013*2019-07-23 23:52

{{3 hours ago, TVGuy said:

You know that chlorine smell you get at pools? That is only because of a reaction with pee. Chlorine alone in the pool won't have any kind of a detectable smell, even at concentrations far beyond what you would ever have in a swimming pool.

Chlorine is used in pools because it is highly reactive chemically. Foreign material in the water reacts with the chlorine and is rendered harmless. In the pool water, chlorine breaks down to hypochlorous acid and hypochlorite ions. These react with the cellular structures of micro-organisms, rendering them harmless. The chlorine will also react chemically with urine, breaking it down so that you aren't swimming in higher and higher concentrations of pee.

However, this doesn't mean it is entirely safe to pee in a pool. Nitrogen in pee reacts with chlorine creating cyanogen chloride, which is classified by the UN as a chemical warfare agent. Now, in dealing with the amount of chlorine and pee that would ever be present in any kind of pool, you aren't going to ever get enough cyanogen chloride where it could pose a major safety risk. However, it can be irritating. It can create a burning sensation in your eyes and nose, and if there really is a whole lot of pool peeing going on, it can even create a red, irritated, skin rash.

If you have ever experienced your eyes being bothered in a swimming pool, this isn't just from the chlorine. Chlorine is used to sanitize all kinds of water supplies that people shower in and drink, and you don't have the same kind of irritation. What is bothering your eyes in a pool is the cyanogen chloride. It is because of all the people peeing in a pool that your eyes are burning.

Another byproduct of pee+chlorine is trichloramine and a little bit of chloroform. Trichloramine is a lung irritant and is what is responsible for that chlorine smell you get at the pool. However, it can be harmful to people with respiratory problems, and in high enough concentrations can cause severe irritation even in otherwise healthy people.

Draining and refilling a pool is an ordeal, and can be expensive. Pool operators will typically try to spread out the frequency in which the entire pool needs to be drained. Chlorine will help keep a pool sanitary and pee free, but at the expense of chemical byproducts that can have health effects in great enough concentrations.

}}

Oh shit. Now I feel like a horrible person. I normally pee in the pool in my backyard but have definitely done it elsewhere before. I'm gonna stop doing that at public pools from now on.

Thanks for the knowledge bomb!

*016*2019-07-24 02:40

{{2 hours ago, TVGuy said:

I'm sorry! My intent wasn't to make anyone feel bad. And honestly, I don't think anyone should feel that bad for peeing in the pool. It definitely doesn't make you a horrible person. One single person's pee in this scenario isn't going to make a huge difference. While it might be a nice solution to think that we could get everyone to stop peeing in pools, without some effort to change group behavior, I think the obligation falls upon public pool operators to maintain their pools, and not to stretch the duration between refreshes.

}}

So... to pee or not to pee?

