Getting little adventurous for new year

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2021-01-01 14:24

Today i have a whole day to do whatever i want and had to be anywhere specially so i decided to do something more daring than ever. I started the morning as usually with couple of huge cups of coffee and decided that i would fill up with some water too and was planning to do a little holding adventure. I decided to make it more interesting for this time and go a little public with it, so i keep slowly filling up myself and when i started to feel slight amount of need to pee i decided to head to the market which was about 25 mins drive away. I need to do some shopping anyway so why not try something little different?

So i dressed up and headed to the road and after few mins of driving i noticed that my urge has stepped up quite signifanicaly and definately needed to pee. Anyway rest of the drive went okay and it wasnt getting much worse at all, so i think this will be easy beazy. (definately didnt want to have actual accident, i am WAY too shy for that...). I parked my car in the parking in the parking lot and got out of the car, as i walk toward to market i know i need for pee for sure but it was feeling quite easy for hold. I was making my shopping for a while and suddenly noticed that i was getting desperate and quite fast too. As i continued shopping i was feeling really uneasy and desperate and i must have looked quite jumpy cause i noticed that the security guard was following me for a distance.

Now i decided that i must done my shopping quickly and had to go to the register and then fast as i can use the toilet. I needed only few thing anymore and when i crouch to take one thing in the lower shelf i felt it, little spurt came out! Stood up quickly and i was now really worried that i was getting in trouble if i wouldnt leave now. I felt little bit of wetness in my crotch but didnt dare to look is there anything visible as i entered in the register. I managed to pay my groceries and when i was packing them yet another spurt came out, it was longer one and i was horrified and blushing like hell.(one good thing about those masks anyway, it covered my blushing). Managed to get everything packed up and rushed to the toilet, and was that a RELIEF..i must pee like minute or so it felt so good.

After finished up my peeing checked my clothing for wetness, and a miracle happened: nothing was visible for the outside. After i got home took a couple of pictures as i was wearing black undies it might be a little hard to see the wetnes. Hope you enjoy.

I might do some sort of wetting later on in my home if i feel naughty enough..

&&

&&

