That time my ex wet herself at the park

Author: water.wizard

*000*2018-12-07 11:11

This is a 100% true story about my ex. It’s been long enough that I feel like I can share it. Given my fetish, this was one of the craziest experiences I’ve ever had. Obviously her name will be changed. Here it goes.

Megan and I were on a spontaneous date at a local venue while on a small trip. It was this tiny place that was super packed on this night to see a couple local musicians. The tables were really cramped and we were seated against a wall and behind a railing in such a way that it was impossible to get out without having two people from nearby tables get up and walk out of the aisle.

So this place was super hot and we order two waters and two alcoholic drinks. Megan comments a lot about the heat and finishes both of her drinks before the first musician even starts. After awhile, she mentions that she has to pee, but is obviously not inclined to ask our neighbors to get up so she can go. On top of that, people are performing, and it would be a whole disturbance, and she says she’ll be fine.

The venue really just gets hotter the longer we’re all there under the lights and Meg keeps drinking my water now despite needing to pee. She started glancing around a lot as if looking for/deciding on an opportunity to go relieve herself, but was always shy about calling attention to herself. As the performances came to an end she became increasingly desperate. She started with her legs crossed, shaking them up and down. As time went on she started uncrossing and crossing them, shifting in her chair, putting her hands in her lap but not between her legs. When the last act started, she quietly said to me in a whine that she should have gone earlier, shifting in her seat often with her hand now going back and forth to her crotch to hold herself and then pulling out, probably not wanting me to see. I asked her if she was gonna make it, teasing a little, and she turned red and said yes, she just needed to go once this act ended.

At some point, she mentioned that her foot hurt and took her shoe off I thought nothing of it at the time.

Finally it ended and she was so relieved. The host of the venue or whatever started addressing the room and talked for maybe 15 minutes, thanking the artists and everyone for coming and whatnot, and having relief so close but drawing out was obviously putting Meg in agony. She bounced up and down consistently in her chair, legs crossed tight, hand now firmly on her crotch. She was mumbling about him hurrying up, getting frustrated as he continued and continued.

When he finished, everyone clapped for awhile and then began exiting. In a serious tone Meg said to me that she really needed to go. I got up and held my hand out to her which she took. As I pulled her up, she immediately bent at the knees and her hand shot between her legs. Apparently her foot had become hurt some way and was swollen and gave out as she stepped up. A couple stood immediately behind us and witnessed as she stood there frozen for a few moments, squeezing her thighs together and rubbing her crotch. She was a really shy and easily embarrassed person and was blushing furiously the entire time.

She got her composure and was able to walk, but with obvious strain and crossing her legs every time we had to stop, which was often. The place was so packed and many people knew each other and talked and hugged. The wall to the front entrance where the bathrooms were took what felt like forever. Meg seemed to become increasingly nervous, realizing she may genuinely have an accident.

When we finally got to the bathrooms, the line was down the hallway. Meg seemed like she might cry. She said she wouldn’t make it and we had to find somewhere else, so we exited. But it was 10 PM and everywhere was closed. She knew of a nearby lobby for a few different stores that had a bathroom inside and we walked there. She was limping from her foot which made her much slower in getting to the lobby, whimpering to herself “please be open, please be open.”

We got to the door and Meg pulled it to find it locked. Her body seemed to give out from the expectation of relief and she buckled at the knees, both hands between her legs and bobbing up and down furiously. She seemed like she might burst into tears at any moment.

She said to me she couldn’t make it but I encouraged her that she could. We determined that we should go back to the venue to try that bathroom again. When she was able to get control over her bladder, we rushed back to be told that we could not re enter. Meg begged the bouncer, telling him she just needed to pee. He said there were porta potties at the park nearby. She doubled over and crossed her legs, rubbing her crotch and not able to hide it. Knowing Meg who hated for people to even know she had to pee, this was a mortifying situation. She begged again and the bouncer seemed amused, telling her she better hurry if she wanted to make it.

Meg began to cry and I tried to comfort her. She resolved to make it to the park for the porta potties. We rushed there with her in absolute desperation. Once she stopped and gasped, crossing her legs and bobbing furiously. She started saying “please no” over and over while stuck in place, until finally just starting to walk at full speed.

We got to the park and she looked around frantically. No porta potties to be seen. She was obviously bursting at this point and resumed her position with legs crossed, hands between them, rubbing her thighs together as hard as she could. I said we were close to my car and could she make it home but she said she wouldn’t make it, letting out little pained moans over and over as she rubbed her crotch.

I told her she should just pee here in the park. There was no one around. She seemed mortified by the suggestion but relived at the same time. She started to say okay but then had a terrible realization. She was wearing a sort of jumper that zipped all the way up in the back and had no way to pee without pulling the whole top down. She began to cry, doubled over.

She seemed slightly frantic, not knowing what to do. I didn’t know what to do either but just keep staring. She started to say “no, no, please” in a strained voice and I could tell she was bursting and losing the battle. She looked around the park quickly and then in a panic spread her legs, squatting and trying to pull the jumper to the side from her pussy so she could pee. The material was stretchy so she could mostly do it, and a torrential wave of pee began flooding out of her. Her face the most red I ever saw her and gave what seemed to be an involuntary moan as she peed and peed onto the ground. Some started to trickle down her leg and she seemed to try and succeeded to stop peeing for a second, but then couldn’t stop it and came rushing out even harder, dripping into her shoe.

She continued to pee for what seemed impossible. She seemed mortified that I was there to witness it and the amount that she just kept peeing, making nervous comments about how long it was going. She seemed to try to stop the flow multiple times but it just kept rushing out.

As if things could get any worse, we started to hear voices approaching. She looked up to the noise of what seemed to be a 4 person family approaching and became even more panicked. A river continued to pour from between her legs to the ground as they got closer and she mumbled “please no please stop” to herself as I listened to her flow stop and start over and over.

As they passed by, she lost the battle. The rest of her pee began flooding out steadily. The family came as close as about 15 feet from us and craned their heads around as they most likely heard the sound of Meg’s pee hitting the ground. She started crying again. After what seemed like an eternity, the flow eventually tapered off.

Meg was a definitely a mix of mortified and relieved after that. She was horribly embarrassed I had witnessed the whole thing and asked me multiple times never to tell anyone.

*004*2018-12-28 10:01

{{On 12/9/2018 at 2:11 PM, Blurple said:

How’d you handle that situation? Did you try to make her feel better? Did she know you were interested in omo?

}}

She did not and does not know I'm into omo. I did try to make her feel better, of course.

{{On 12/26/2018 at 1:10 PM, pguy69 said:

Absolutely brilliant, and what a dream situation to find yourself in!

}}

Truly! The entire time I couldn't believe it was happening.

