Dominant lady make me wet myself completely

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2022-01-02 16:04

Hi, for a starters i have to tell all of you guys that i have met a girl online and we chatted to the first time in 2 weeks ago. I found her in chat room which was specially dedicated for kink/fetish stuff in general and you could find people in there which got lot of different kinks atleast to say.

So the girl i got to know and chat with her is about my age, she is actually 2 years older than me and we had a connection right away when we started to chat with eacother. I mean the chatter is really easy and effortless in both sides, now i had to tell you guys that she isnt specially interested about peeing/omorashi for the topic itself but she is a quite a dominant character and she enjoy if she can make other people desperate by denying the bathroom and she enjoys giving challenges and instructions to them.

As i alreaydy mentioned she isnt specially interested in peeing but she did admit that she had wet herself couple of times and thought it was quite nice but she LOVES to be in control so she dont do often any holdings at all by herself. What comes to her physical appearance: She is about 165 cm long with a quite a curvy figure. She has a quite a darkbrown coloured hair witch reaches to her shoulders and she is pretty had to admit. Allthought our relationship is completely based on having fun and exite to each other nothing more serious isnt in consideration at the moment at all but i am completely happy with that.

Okay, we had a little fun this week end and she was controlling me and my bladder for our enjoyement. She made me fill up myself during the day with a lot of water, coffee and green tea, so it wasnt big miracle that i came desperate in a couple of hours and was completely under her command she decided even add a belt around my waste to make my bladder even more pressure. Hands were also a big NO so i couldnt help myself with my hands either. Enough said here is the vid how it ended up for me, sorry that there is no sound. We were chatting via webcam for the whole time and she didnt want to her voice be heard in this video which i like to share with all of you. So here is a taste for you guys.

At the end all i can say i was enjoying it a lot.

VID_20220102_151325_Trim_Trim.mp4

*002*2022-01-02 17:31

{{27 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

While the sound would have been a nice addition, I understand why you had to omit it. I'd say you really had to go!

}}

Sure, i was incredible desperate and couldnt do anything about it.

