Male First time wetting in-front of friends

Author: WetFlyer

*000*2020-04-24 08:57

I've been into wetting for quite a while but no one who knows me knows of my fetish. Last autumn I really wanted to up things; I wanted to see how some friends would react.

I decided it would have to be with some friends I don't see too often but who knew me well so a couple of old high-school friends would be perfect. We went down to a local pub for an evening of catching up and drinks which felt like a perfect setting. It was warm evening so I was wearing my favourite dark blue cotton shorts and cotton trunks (I like the way cotton feels when wet as it clings and doesn't dry quickly) , a tight fitting tee-shirt and smart trainers with white ankle socks. During the evening we had quite a few pints of beer and inevitably needed to go pee. In order not to arouse suspicion I would go to the bathroom occasionally but didn't release and kept on holding. As the hours ticked on by it was getting harder and harder to hold it!

Eventually it was closing time and we were all pretty drunk but I was acting a lot drunker than I really was. We left the pub to walk back to my friend's place which was a good hour or so away. By now it was actually quite cold outside and I really needed to pee! One of my mates said he needed a pee too so we walked around a corner and found a quiet area. As I stood next to my friend he began peeing into the bushes normally and it was now or never for me! Initially I found it hard to pee with him standing there but after hours of holding it just took a bit of concentration and I began to pee myself. 

My other friend who was stood a little way away saw what was happening and shouted "dude! you're peeing yourself!". This made my friend next to me look and say "OMG man! You need to get your dick out to pee!". I replied, laughing, whilst still peeing myself "Ah man, I just couldn't stop it in time". He then laughed too saying "I didn't realise you were so drunk man!". I continued to pee and absolutely soaked my underwear, shorts and trainers.

It was an amazing experience and the hour long walk back to his in my soaked shorts was absolute bliss. I even let a few more spurts go as we were walking along as by now I was so wet neither of them noticed. When we got to his I took a shower fully clothed and then bunged everything into his washer/dryer. The next morning I blamed the incident on being drunk and the cold night air which they both seemed to have accepted.

I'd love to try it again sometime as I guess I could aways blame it on being drunk 😉

