More Desperate Emily

Author: wetting_lee

*000*2023-07-12 09:22

Apologies in advance while writing this for any grammar or spelling mistakes. Very drunk.

This is a continuation of my experiences with my ex girlfriend Emily. The first part can be found here

$/90786-my-first-time-witnessing-a-real-bedwetting/

Although this is the second part to the story, this story takes place before the previous events. Before we were dating in fact. Before me and Emily dated, we fooled around quite a bit. We hooked up on multiple occasions and knew each other quite well. There starts the story today. We were not dating. Friends with benefits wouldn't exactly be the right term but it wouldn't also be too far off. We were both attracted to each other although neither of us wanted a relationship together. This lead us to hang out together very frequently and purposefully put us in sexually tense situations. As I mentioned in the previous post, I had a sneaking suspicion that Emily knew of my fetish and would tease me with it occasionally. This particular event occurred on a long bus ride and one of Emily's infamous dares.

Before I start the story, Emily and I met during an extracurricular activity. This activity granted us long bus rides together and sometimes even plane rides. We met during our senior year of High School.

Emily and I sat on bus ride together during a school event. This particular ride was roughly a 3 hour ride with no breaks. I specifically remember being briefed before the ride to take our bathroom break now. Emily and I, being the horny teens that we were, gravitated towards a seat next to each other. I brought a blanket with the long bus ride in mind. I draped it over both of us. I remember the start of the ride, cuddling close with some groping action on both sides going on. As we both got a good feel up on each other, the ride progressed. I remember very clearly when Emily made her need clear.

"I need to piss so bad!" Emily said

I remember being so taken back by this sudden statement. I was at a loss for words. I also remember Emily's face was not of distress yet it was mischievous intent. Although this was one of my first omo experiences, I seemed to be able to fit into the situation naturally and let my body and mind do the rest of the work. I teased her a bit and asked

"Well what are you going to do about it?" and "Are you going to be able to hold it till we get back to school?"

I'm sure she whispered and teased me back but I'm afraid those memories are lost to time. I'd imagine she'd said something like

"I don't think I'm going to be able to hold it. What should I do Lee?"

Ahhh what I wouldn't give to relieve this moment. Luckily for Emily, she brought a bottle of gatorade on the bus. If anyone knows anything about peeing in gatorade bottles (especially women) It's that gatorade bottles have a real wide lid on them. Almost as if they were designed for a man's dick or woman's urethra to be able to pee right into.

Obviously I (half) joked that she should use that gatorade bottle that she brought onto the bus.

"Do you dare me?" Now I hope you guys see what I mean when I'm talking about with Emily and her damn dares. And yes of course I took her up on that dare. She really seemed desperate at this point; fidgeting around under the blanket and constantly letting out soft moans of desperation.

"Okay I'll do it but you need to hold it for me." Emily said.

To be honest, I don't know how I got myself into this situation. I really wish I remembered more of how me holding a bottle up to Emily's pussy came to be but I guess it's just lost to time. All I remember is being on that bus, Emily getting desperate and asking me for help in relieving herself. Of course I was there to help her.

Although most of this story so far has been rough recollection, this part is burned into my mind. I remember the blanket being draped over us. I remember Emily's giggly yet frantic unscrewing and passing me the gatorade bottle. I remember me taking the bottle to her crotch and her guiding my hand to the right spot. I remember her relaxing and letting her pee flow. I can tell you now, we did not get that bottle in the right spot. Right after she let go, I felt the warm gush of pee envelop my hand and drip off of it to the bus floor. I remember the bottle getting warmer as it filled with her urine. I remember her gripping my hand tighter as she filled it gatorade bottle to the brim. I remember her stream slowly dying down as she giggled about the naughty act she just committed. She took the bottle from me and screwed the top back on and placed it in her purse to dispose of later.

As we arrived back at school and the bus was put in park, the lights turned on. I remember looking down to inspect the damage she left and once again, it was catastrophic. There was a massive puddle under out seat. A good majority of it dripped off of my hand before seeing the floor below. I remember that puddle so clearly. We both got off the bus, only joking about the mess she made over text later, and went on our separate ways for the night.

Apologies once again. Writing while intoxicated isn't my strong suit. I'll come back later and clean up and flesh out this story. Some people have expressed interesting in hearing the rest of me and Emily's pee games. I'm happy to share them once I find the time to write them. After her bedwetting incident and me revealing my omo fetish, all of our pee games were rather sexual and I'm not much of an erotica writer so I'll do my best to share them as respectfully and sensually as i can. I have enough experiences with Emily to make one or two more posts then I'll share my stories with my other ex who indulged in my fetish. Thanks a bunch for reading this garbled mess! I'll clean it up soon so please do re-read once I get the chance to clean it up. Consider this as a rough draft.

- Lee

*002*2023-07-12 18:13

{{4 hours ago, PracticallyPie said:

Great story! Would love to hear more. Was she wearing a skirt? If so did she pull her panties down or just hold them to the side?

}}

Pants. Most likely sweatpants. We had the blanket covering us so she was able to pull them down to her knees and hover over the edge of the seat.

