Wife's full blown accident on the stairs

Author: willbill

*000*2020-06-14 02:22

I'll share another story of my wife that happened a couple of years ago. Her and I were in the basement of our home changing over a couple loads of laundry, where said before going down there that she needed to pee soon, as well as being naked from the waste down having just put her pants and underwear in the washer. With the fact that sometimes when she hears the noise of running water, it triggers an immediate need to pee, this became a double whammy the instant the washer started filling.

All of a sudden, she said "Omg, I need to go now" as she crossed her legs followed by starting a quick dash back towards the stairs as our bathroom was on the main floor. With this, she quickly darted up the first flight of stairs but once on the middle stair landing as I was still at the bottom of the stairs about to follow her, she froze, crossed her legs tightly, and stood there for a few seconds before turning to me stating "I don't know if I can make it". Then almost immediately after, she crouched down with her legs a foot or so spread apart (since she turned back to say that to me, I was looking straight at her crotch level being I was about 6 steps down from the landing she was on).

Within just a few seconds upon crouching down, she said in a distressed voice "Its coming out" when I immediately saw a slow trickle start coming from her pussy between her legs that were still spread a foot apart. It lasted a few seconds then stopped, but a few seconds later another few second trickle leakes straight down to the stair landing, followed by her saying embarrassingly "I can't hold it" as all of a sudden a more forceful jet shot out. This happened a couple more times, where she spurted, stopped, spurted, stopped, all of this within a 15-20 second interval. Saying again "I just can't hold it anymore" and it all flooded out all over the stair landing, over the edge of it and on to the floor 6 feet below.

She peed forcefully for about 20 seconds, then it was over. But from the angle I was at, I was able to see every bit of it as it was coming out from her pussy and as she was starting and stopping trying to hold it. After it was done, it required a few towels and an extra load of laundry.

