Wetting in a crowded elevator!

Author: Wet Mandy

*000*2017-04-17 04:58

Where I’m from, this past Wednesday was a bright and beautiful day. And when I got home from work at 1:30 I smoked a bowl on my porch, fondly reflecting on my experiences the week before. Sharing them with all of you was only a fraction of the fun! Just thinking about flooding my jeans in front of all those people made me want to hop back on the horse! I knew later that day I would head into the city via subway to attend one of my masters classes-- ample opportunity to put on another show. Had I planned better I could have put on two that day but I was too absorbed in my job to fill my bladder earlier. So instead I soaked up some sun, started drinking my cranberry juice, and thought about how I would pull off a public wetting after class!

I decided to wear shorts instead of my typical jeans. I’ve never actually wet in any of my shorts before but it wasn’t very difficult to imagine how it would go. The ones I picked out were pretty old— high-waisted and a faded sage green. The legs (which I rolled up) were pretty tight around my thighs and the pants were tight around my butt and crotch area in general. But they’re nice and loose around my waist so overall they were a very comfortable fit! Plus the fabric, especially around its long fly, is soft and thick, making for a very absorbent piece of clothing! And, best of all, they felt great against my bare skin-- I went commando like always to avoid soiling my panties. Besides the shorts, I wore a comfy pair of flats, some high socks (not crazy high—just to the thickest part of my calf), a white crop top and an open, yellow flannel shirt. I’m pretty good at dressing myself as you can tell!

For my other public wettings I had gone out with a specific setting and a game plan in mind. For this I wanted to let things unfold organically. The only thing that was off limits for me was wetting before or during class. I don’t really know any of my classmates that well but I do see them once a week so for obvious reasons I didn’t want to embarrass myself. Honestly I wouldn’t mind wetting in front of some of them after class—so long as they’re not people I usually sit next to! Settings of interest were on the street or campus, in the library, or even the subway on the way home.

I discovered on my last adventure that people are pretty oblivious, or at least tend to disregard huge, obvious wet spots on your clothing when in passing. And that was when I wore jeans so with a pair of shorts I figured most people probably wouldn’t notice at all! But for the actual event I wanted people to see my helplessness and my hot piss streaming down my legs. That was the loose game plan I formulated. As you can see I left myself a lot of room to improvise! I drank cranberry juice, tea, and I even packed a 1 liter water bottle for myself to drink on the go before it was time to leave.

By the time I left my house, I was well past the point where I would have gone to the bathroom. (Although it seems like the average number of times I pee in a toilet has decreased recently). I wasn’t squirming with desperation but there was certainly some mild pressure on my bladder and I found myself tapping my foot every now and then. I packed a change of pants, socks, and shoes in my car so that I could change before my husband saw me when I got home—that way I’d still have to walk around with piss-stained pants until I got off the subway. While riding on the train I remembered the relief I felt the Friday before when I flooded my jeans in front of all those commuters. Thinking about it made me quite aroused!

I pulled my shorts up tight and pivoted my weight from leg to leg just to feel the inseam gently brush against my clit. The stimulation also increased my urge to pee and I actually considered letting go for a couple of moments. Looking back, it’s surprising how much confidence my previous experiences have given me! I wasn’t worried or worked up about what people might do if I started wetting myself—everything seemed a lot more predictable. It was a very freeing feeling. If I had to go, I could! But I wanted to hold. I wanted to be bursting! I wanted to put on a spectacular show for some unsuspecting bystanders! So I held steady and took a few sips out of my water bottle.

My urge to pee increased significantly by the time I entered my building, walking briskly past the bathrooms. Still devoted to sitting through my class, I rode the elevator up to third floor. (I normally take the stairs but I was in no condition to tackle something like that at this point.) All throughout class I was wiggling my legs and sitting with my hand shoved into my crotch. I didn’t get many notes down on my laptop (I knew I could always just read the chapter to see what the professor was talking about.)

My urgency was very swiftly rising and at some points it became unbearable! This is a two-and-a-half hour class, mind you, but it felt longer than it ever has before! I couldn’t get my mind off how a joint would really alleviate the pain (though it wouldn’t make my bladder any stronger!). I finished off the water in my bottle, partly to distract me, but inevitably, of course, it just made my need more pressing. I also started to realize that my restless behavior was drawing the attention of the people around me.

Ten minutes before the end of class, it occurred to me that I was nearing my limit. My legs were wiggling, my heel was tapping on the ground, and my hand was firmly cupped around my pussy. I even caught myself tentatively rocking back and forth trying to cope with the unbelievable amount of pressure on my bladder. In hindsight, I think my exploration into this wetting fetish has weakened my ability to hold. I swear I could feel my bladder muscles quivering! I dared myself to let just a little out, knowing full well the likelihood was high that I could end up uncontrollably wetting myself in my seat.

With all the composure I could muster, I quietly inhaled some air through my nose, and with a silent shutter, slowly began to exhale. Still tightly holding my crotch, I felt a warm burst of pee through the soft, thick fabric of my shorts. But, realizing all too well that I was doing this right next to people that I occasionally share notes with, I came to my senses before the stream became genuinely uncontrollable. Trying to stop the flow led to intense pelvic agony! My bladder was screaming at me—I’m sure it felt utterly betrayed! But with a firm grip and a stoic poker face, I fought through the pain and ceased my stream. Now it was time to assess the damage.

Before I even looked down, I knew a good bit had seeped under my ass. But my legs must have been pretty tight together because the frontal coverage certainly wasn’t insignificant. You could see where my pee had shot along the crease where my legs meet my pelvis. And my crotch was glistening! I quickly scooched my chair forward so I could hide my pee stained shorts underneath the table. I gently removed my hand from my crotch to let some of my hot pee drip off my fingers. I tried not to be conspicuous while glancing around to see if people had noticed. To be fair—I was so lost in my desperation that, even if my neighbors had witnessed my short wetting, I probably would have been oblivious to their gaze. Nobody seemed to be paying me any mind, though. (Or at least they were doing their best to ignore it.) So I focused on my computer screen and endeavored to maintain control until class ended.

When class finally did end everyone began ritually packing up. I followed suit, though very slowly. My wet spot was still obvious and, while I knew I’d be walking through campus with it showing, I still didn’t want my neighbors to see. After everybody around me had left, I stood up to make my leave. If you read my last experience on the subway, you may recall a moment where I stood up from a tight leg squeeze and nearly lost control of my bladder. Well, when I stood up gravity hit me in the same way, and I involuntarily and audibly gushed! The base of my fly glistened where urine pooled. I didn’t feel anything drip down my legs yet, but it was making an already obvious stain even more apparent! I plunged my hand back into my crotch to literally hold in the pee, bent my knees together, and scrunched forward.

For a second I actually thought that I had prematurely exploded! Thankfully, though, I again regained control and took a few moments to adjust to being upright. Apart from my severely wet crotch, there was a small amount of horizontal spread to my thighs, and, as far as I could feel, a lengthy line of dampness running up center of my ass, the majority of my shorts were still dry. I packed my laptop and threw my bookbag over my shoulder, trying to avoid making eye contact with the people still packing up on the row behind me. Despite my aversion, I couldn’t help but notice a few people looking down at me as I strode past. My first instinct was to feel embarrassed, but feelings of arousal and, of course, desperation, dominated my psyche. I knew wasn’t going to make it to the library to review my notes after class. Hell, I didn’t even think I could make it out of the building!

It was 9:30 at this point, and every other class was beginning to let out. The hallways weren’t as crowded as I’m sure they are during the day. But there’s a large amount of people who take night classes at my grad school so they were still pretty crowded. I approached the elevator and waited behind 5 others, trying my best to hide myself. The doors opened, a single person got off, and we all piled in. Being the last one in, I resorted to standing right in the middle of everybody. (People always seem to claim to the wall spaces when they’re forced to share an elevator.)

There were two girls, seemingly friends and around my age (maybe younger), an older women who may have been a professor, and a couple guys, one young and one old, both dressed pretty casually. I stood with my arms crossed tightly around my abdomen and my legs held firmly together, trying to make myself as small as possible. “Everyone headed to the first floor?” the younger guy asked after pressing the button, his finger still hovering over the array. By that point, I knew that the older woman and the two girls had already noticed my dark crotch. My waistband, which is looser on these shorts than my other pants, sagged under the extra water weight and made my fly pooch a little. Everyone responded to the guy with a ‘yup’ or a ‘mm-hmm’. I saw the younger guys eyes dart over to me after he dropped his finger. It occurred to me that if I was in fact aiming to wet publicly, in front of an unsuspecting group of strangers, I couldn’t ask for better circumstances. The doors closed.

The elevator was old-- it belonged to an old building, after all-- and it started its descent with a lurch. I looked up at the ceiling and bit my lip, batting my eyes, undoubtedly looking pathetically desperate! It was just a small stream at first. And I felt warm pee make its way across my thighs, up my fly, and under my ass. It felt so satisfying! So I closed my eyes tight and dared myself to push harder. We weren’t even halfway to the first floor, and I started wetting a torrent! I felt warm urine start to soak into my rolled up pant legs right below my crotch. I felt it shoot the far sides of my thighs and high up my ass.

Then I felt it streaming down my legs, clinging to them all the way down to my calves, where it was absorbed into my socks. I heard it start to gently drip onto the hard, cold elevator floor and I felt it pooling around my shoes, which were rapidly getting soaked. By some miracle, the elevator didn't stop at the second floor. Everyone was uncomfortably silent. If the old guy hadn’t noticed before I was sure he did now! Finally the elevator stopped on the ground floor. There was an agonizingly long pause before the doors opened. Normally in peculiar moments like those, it seems like the world is standing still.

But despite everyone standing around like statues, the piss rushing down my legs surely reminded everyone that the world was still very much in motion! It certainly reminded me! When the doors finally opened, I rushed out, my arms still crossed, still biting my lip, and my eyes still focused on the ceiling. I didn’t even try to stop my stream—I just let my walking interrupt it with every step, feeling my piss jettison out of me in short bursts. I didn’t look to see if anybody around me noticed, I’m sure there was a small audience of observant people who had seen. I kept walking, hoping that none of them were the people I sit next to in my class. I walked right past the bathrooms and toward the exit, leaving a trail of urine.

When I made it to the subway station, my bladder was feeling much better. My shorts were thoroughly soaked and felt heavier than normal. The initial warmth that came with my flood had subsided and the damp fabric on my pants, socks, and shoes was beginning to get a little cold. The station by the university was always pretty crowded when class let out, but the terminal for my specific line wasn’t too bad. I stayed on the far side, hoping to possibly get a car to myself. Don’t get me wrong—I had really enjoyed the attention (so much so that I was subtly rubbing my clit through my wet shorts whenever I was certain nobody was watching!) but I was mentally exhausted and just wanted to sit somewhere out of peoples view.

My trip home was uneventful. (I spent my time thinking about what finishing touches I wanted to put on my story that some of you may remember me posting later that night.) And when I finally made it into my car, seeing as how I had skipped my customary study session at the library, I took my time pleasuring myself in the drivers seat before changing, throwing my wet clothes into a plastic bag, and driving home. Everything went off without a hitch!

As always, let me know what you think and toss me some ideas! You guys are always in the back of my mind when I’m doing these stunts!

*006*2017-04-17 23:07

{{10 hours ago, amberpee said:

You are so daring and I love your stories. Have you ever considered creating a tumblr blog so that people here and others who haven't discovered this great community can read about your experiences?

You clearly like sharing your experiences and you are an excellent writer. I hope you are pursuing writing as a career as you are extremely talented

}}

I'm a paralegal so my job requires a good bit of research. I write occasionally but usually I'm just reading long articles written by old judges. (The language is mostly technical but you'd be surprised how colorful it can be at times.) Regardless, thank you for the compliment! It's nice to think I could be an author. But for now, that'll be my fallback!

I suppose I could start a tumblr-- there are some stories I can't actually post here because they'd violate the content rules on this site. Maybe I will

*011*2017-04-20 00:07

{{8 hours ago, wettingman said:

I am imagining I was seated near you in class and notice you squirming and cupping your pussy. I am immediately interested, and after a while I notice your pants darken. I hope nobody notices the bulge in my pants. When you stand and audibly gush pee , I nearly make a different sort of mess in my pants.

What would be your reaction if you noticed me staring at your crotch?

}}

Well, of course my, main motivation is for doing these public wettings is my own personal satisfaction! But I have to admit, I'm always hoping that my audience finds it arousing. While I haven't yet noticed a man sporting an erection for me during these (not that I've been looking), I have to say I'd feel obligated to follow through with my wetting and put on an amazing show for him!

