Gaming session turned soggy

Author: Wetbriefs

*000*2016-09-01 12:27

So I am a gamer and I love World of Warcraft. I play it off and on, usually unsubscribing during the end of expansions when there isn't any new content, then resubbing when new stuff hits.

Their latest expansion came out the other day and I finally got a chance to sit down and play a good amount. I am enjoying it, a bit too much perhaps because I did something I didn't plan for.

Normally, if I know I am going to sit down for a long gaming sessions, I will throw on a diaper and then just go to town with my gaming.

I do wet my pants some too, without diapers, but I generally prepare the area I am going to do it so as not to make a big mess.

Well, I had just gotten home from work and tore off my shoes, jeans, etc, and threw on a comfy t-shirt, grabbed my mountain dew and sat down to get into the game. The plan was to play for a little bit, then get ready and go meet a friend for dinner.

I had somehow gotten so engrossed in the game I lost track of time. It wasn't until my phone vibrated on the desk with the screen showing "where u at?", that I realized I was late to meet my friend.

I texted him back and explained I wasn't feeling well and I had fallen asleep, (I know I am a horrible friend).

He was cool with it and understood and I went back to gaming.

It wasn't very long after that when I noticed I really had to pee, but I was in a very interesting part of the game, story-wise and I wanted to see it through before taking a break.

Well, my bladder was talking to me louder than the game was and I naturally bobbed my leg up and down and kept opening and closing them together as I continued the game.

Pretty soon I felt a warm spurt shoot out. I put a hand down and felt my underwear, was damp but not too bad. I kept playing.

After a few seconds, perhaps my bladder was happy with the slight relief the first spurt gave it because it decided another spurt was in order.

I felt down there again, a little wetter but still nothing major, so I continued my game.

I got several more minutes of gaming in before my bladder decided to get mad. If the small spurts were just calm reminders, what happened next was an angry shout.

IN quick succession, several small-medium spurts came out. Spurt, spurt, spurt.

The last spurt was the longest and quickly cut it off and concentrated on holding it. Suddenly I could feel my balls were wet and I could feel the wetness travelling towards my bottom. Well, I was sitting in a comfy chair with a cushion and I didn't want to get it wet so I shot up out of the chair to keep it safe, but that's when I lost my focus on holding it and it came out in a flood, soaking my briefs and splashing on the floor below me.

On the plus side, the cushion was safe.

So I took my wet underwear off, cleaned up the mess, then put on a nice, dry diaper and went back to gaming.

As I write this I have just gotten off to take a break from the game and I am on my second diaper since then and it is currently soaked.

Thanks for letting me share!

*003*2016-09-02 17:15

{{On 9/1/2016 at 10:18 AM, Donuts are omo said:

Awesome story, Love the details! Also would your friend be bale to find out you were online and werent sick or does your friend not play WoW?

}}

Friend isn't a gamer at all, though I have tried to get him into it.

*005*2016-09-04 23:48

{{23 hours ago, Omo_Guy said:

Awesome story! I was planning on gaming a bit later and holding through it, this only made me more excited for it!

}}

Awesome! Let us know how it turned out.

*006*2016-10-25 02:46

Okay, so I just got done with a rather long gaming session and my bladder is screaming at me. My leg has been bouncing up and down through most of the gaming and I had one or two very small leaks during that time. Just looked at my underwear and there is a tiny, dime-sized wet spot. Debating on staying in my briefs, which I love to wet, or throwing on a pull-up which I also love to wet. Either way, I am gonna skip the toilet, return to my gaming, hold it as long as I can and then let whatever happens, happen.

