The time I wet myself at the motorway services

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-05-07 12:00

It started with that second coffee. I needed it for my hangover, I was 21 years old and I'd made the most of the free wine at the company awards dinner I'd attended as Mum's plus one.

I’d barely finished it before Mum said we needed to check out of the hotel, already checking her watch, already tense. She hated being late. I hated conflict. Perfect match, really.

The drive was supposed to be smooth—just a couple of hours down the M4 from London to Weston-Super-Mare to meet my grandparents for lunchtime chips on the "beach".

Thirty minutes in, traffic came to a full stop. A sea of red brake lights. That’s when the pressure started—low, dull, manageable at first.

It didn’t stay that way for long.

By the forty-five-minute mark, I was in serious trouble. Legs crossed, bouncing slightly, doing everything I could not to whimper. Mum’s eyes flicked over from the driver’s seat.

“Do you want me to turn the radio off?” she asked, clearly irritated. “You’re twitching like you’ve had six shots of espresso.”

“I need the toilet,” I admitted, voice small.

She let out a sharp breath. “Didn’t you go before we left?”

“I didn’t think I had to.”

Her silence spoke volumes. A short shake of her head, then a glance at the sat-nav. “We’ll stop at Chievely Services. Try to hold it. Honestly.”

I stared out the window, throat tight. The last thing I needed was for her to be angry again.

We finally pulled into the motorway services, and I could barely get the car door open fast enough. I bolted, legs stiff, bladder screaming. Mum didn’t follow. She stayed in the car, her hands still on the steering wheel.

I made it maybe six steps.

Then everything inside me gave out.

The shock of it was paralyzing—a sudden rush of warmth down both legs, soaking through my grey sweatpants in seconds. The pavement darkened beneath me as the release came fast, loud, unstoppable. My face went hot. I couldn’t move. I couldn’t believe it had actually happened.

Behind me, the car door slammed.

“Oh for fucks sake,” Mum snapped.

I turned, mortified.

“Mum…” I choked.

“You couldn’t hold it? Seriously?”

“I—I tried,” I said, trembling.

She stared at me, then looked away, jaw clenched. “Brilliant. Now what? You can’t sit like that in the car.”

“I have clothes in my bag,” I said.

“And where’s that? In the boot?”

I nodded, barely able to speak. “Let me just go inside.”

She waved toward the services. “Well go on, then. What are you waiting for?”

I turned, my trainers squelching with every step. People stared. One woman whispered something to her partner. I kept walking, burning with shame.

Inside the toilets, I peeled off the wet clothes and stuffed them into a plastic bag.

All I had to change into was the black sequined dress and stiletto heels from last night’s dinner, tight, sparkly, and absurdly out of place.

I looked at myself in the mirror: red-eyed, blotchy, completely undone.

Back outside, Mum was standing by the car, arms crossed.

When she saw me, her eyes widened. “You changed into that?”

“It was all I had,” I mumbled, brushing hair from my face.

"The perfect beach outfit Katherine! Am I going to have tell nanny and grampy that their 21 year old granddaughter pissed herself?"

She looked at me for a long moment, then sighed deeply. “Get in. Sit on something.”

The drive after that was quiet. But not peaceful. Her disappointment filled the car like fog, thicker than the silence.

I sat there in my stupid sequined dress, wishing I could disappear into the seat.

I ended up spending the afternoon in Weston looking completely out of place in my formal attire and smelling faintly of pee.

*002*2025-05-07 12:19

{{2 minutes ago, Perhaps said:

You have some terrible luck when it comes to your accidents. Grey sweats are perfect for a full-blown accident, just maybe not in these circumstances. At least you had spare clothes this time, even if they were out of the ordinary.

}}

This accident was years ago. I wet myself on purpose in my grey joggers this morning and I suddenly had a huge flashback to this accident so thought I'd share it here!

*009*2025-05-07 16:27

{{41 minutes ago, Omo-Bomber said:

Your mom sounds like a huge bitch, no offense.

}}

None taken!

I can see why she was pissed off (excuse the pun!) when I peed my pants when I was old enough to know better particularly when it inconvenienced her.

It wasn't like I was doing it on purpose, well I was but that was in private and she doesn't know about that!

Mum isn't a total bitch but there have definitely been times in my life when I'd have appreciated more empathy and sympathy from her.

*010*2025-05-07 16:52

I've used ChatGPT to recreate that moment 7 years ago!

&&

*013*2025-05-08 08:14

{{9 hours ago, Shaved Monkey said:

Do you look like her? You're very pretty if you do.

}}

There is a resemblance I suppose :-).

I've got pale green hair at the moment so that's a bit different and my skin tone is more Mediterranean looking than hers.

*017*2025-05-13 08:04

{{21 hours ago, JimSpurs666 said:

Great story. Were you into omo at the time? Did you get any enjoyment out of this

}}

I think I've always enjoyed the sensation of wetting myself but accidents cause me a lot of mental anguish.

When I have an accident it's literally a couple of seconds of "this feels so good" and then my brain takes over and it's a tidal wave of negativity that can last for days or sometimes weeks.

