Deliberate, sneaky wetting in public

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2022-07-31 16:33

So, like I said on my last post, it’s been almost a year since I was last active on here. Wetting has been an interest I’ve had since childhood, but it very much comes and goes, waxes and wanes — ebbs and flows.

In inactive periods, I never know when it will come back, but it always does. Suddenly I will find myself day-dreaming about wetting my pants, and it inevitably leads to putting it into practice.

I have been thinking about wetting myself for a couple of weeks now, with increasing frequency. The other day I was on the bus home from an errand in town. I had to pee, and all I could think about was the long raincoat I was wearing, which goes all the way down to my knees. “I could let some pee out right now and nobody would see anything!” The thought became more and more intrusive, and as I stepped off the bus at my stop, I had all but decided to go for it. I was wearing dark blue, wide-legged pants under my raincoat. 

The entire walk from my stop to my house I was thinking about letting some pee out into my pants, and I relaxed enough to keep it *right* at the opening, but in the end, I chickened out. I had not wet these particular pants before, and I had no idea how much a wet spot would show. I did also need to pee quite urgently, and while I wasn’t exactly desperate, I was afraid I would not be able to pinch off the stream immediately. I was wearing a long coat, but with the wide legs of the pants, wetness could be unpredictable. I was not raining anymore, so I did not want obvious wet spots suddenly appearing on my legs below my coat if something did not go according to plan. Hence the chickening out…

Once safely inside the privacy of my own home, however… Heart hammering from the excitement, I let myself dribble slowly and deliberately into my panties for a few seconds. It felt incredible! So warm and wet. It’s been months since the last time now. Amazingly, all the wetness was contained by my cotton underwear, save for a lone trickle, which tickled as it ran down my left leg and onto the floor. My pants did not get wet at all. How would they show wetness? I pulled the wide pantlegs outward from my hips, so that they were touching the insides of my thighs, and let some more out. Maybe ten seconds this time? Slowly and deliberately — no gushing flood. Just the way I like it. It felt sooo good as the warm wetness seeped slowly into the fabric, wicking its way down my thighs when my underwear could no longer contain it all.

To my astonishment, the wetness was virtually undetectable, even up close and in bright daylight. What?! The potential! I only had limited time by myself that day, so I went into clean-up mode immediately, but I decided on the spot (hah!) that I would take these pants and my long raincoat out for an adventure again. And actually go through with it.

And just the other day I did!

I knew I’d have some time to myself that afternoon, so that morning I started drinking large quantities of water. With frequent trips to the bathroom, I soon had my kidneys working at full capacity, and I got ready to go out. I had an errand to run, anyway, so it was all good.

I put on cotton bike shorts under my wide-legged pants, because I wanted something more than just my underwear that would hold the wetness against my skin. As soon as I put them on, I let a little dribble out. Just to get me started, and just enough to get a little wet spot at the crotch. As preparation, you know? The wetness felt lovely against my skin, and my heart started hammering with anticipation for what I was about to do.

I already had to pee when I left the house. I wasn’t yet desperate, but the need was quite pressing and getting close to uncomfortable, and under normal circumstances, I would have gone to the bathroom already by now. Given how quickly my bladder had been filling up, I was expecting to be quite desperate by the time I returned home, even though my errand would not take me long. I never really do holds, so the unfamiliar territory heightened my anticipation.

My route to my errand took me through a large park. There were people around, but nobody very close to me. As I was walking, I could feel my bladder filling up. I did not feel the need to hold myself or dance around, but if I’d suddenly had to cough or sneeze, I don't think I would have been able to manage without leaking.

I haven’t done many sneaky wettings in public before, but the few times I’ve done it, I have struggled to be able to let it flow while walking. I’ve always had to stop to pretend to look at something or stretch, or whatever, to be able to let go. Today, I concentrated really hard as I was approaching the building where I was going, and as I crossed the parking lot, I was able to manage a little dribble, just a couple of seconds. It felt amazing! My heart was racing, and I could feel the warm wetness spread out all across my crotch area and toward the back. I did it! The rush I got from the sensation of pee trickling out into my pants in broad daylight with other people nearby who did not suspect a thing was mind-blowing!

I’m sure I was both flushed and absent-minded as I completed my errand, because all I could think about was the hidden wetness in my pants. I exited the building and started walking home again. I really had to pee now — my tiny dribbles had done nothing to ease the building pressure in my bladder. Since I find it easier to release my pee when I’m not moving, I stopped for a second and pretended to read something on my phone. I don’t think I could have focused on my phone screen even if I had wanted to, though, because all my focus was on my bladder muscles, as I relaxed and let some more pee flow into my pants. It was not quite a gush, but more than a dribble, so… a trickle? A spurt? I let the deliciously naughty, warm, wet pee flow into my pants for five-six seconds before I pinched off the stream.

With my bladder as full as it was, it was harder than I expected to stop the flow, and I had a tiny flutter of panic before I managed. My entire crotch was warm and wet, front and back, as well as the top part of the inside of my thighs. Nothing was visible to anyone, thanks to my coat, and I had not felt any trickles down my legs below my bike shorts, but the crotch area of my pants was soaked! This felt very much like a proper wetting, more so than the tiny, sneaky dribbles I have done in the past. The feeling was exhilarating! I had really done it! I had sneakily and secretly wet myself in public!

I started walking again, and the warm wetness quickly cooled. My bike shorts had soaked through to my pants, and the wet pantlegs clung to me as I walked, impossible to ignore. My brain kept shouting: “I wet myself! I wet myself! I peed my pants! I actually peed my pants in public!” It was an exhilarating feeling to know that I had truly done it: I wet myself in public, and nobody could see! The THRILL! My heart was racing so fast!

My longer spurt had taken the edge off my urgent need to pee, but the pressure soon built again, and by the time I was getting close to my house, my bladder was so full, it was starting to hurt. Almost without thinking, I let another little spurt out as I walked up the steps to my house. The thighs of my bike shorts were so wet by now.

Once inside, I took my coat off and inspected the damage. From the front, nothing was visible, but from the back… There was a definite wet spot, unmistakable, in an upside-down U-shape across my butt and down the backs of my thighs. Thank God for long coats, right?

I was still bursting, though, and not wanting my wet fun to end, I stepped into my shower, squatted down, and emptied my bladder right through my clothes. The relief was euphoric! My bladder was so full, and I’m not used to holding this long. I just kept going… and going… and going… I made a huge puddle on the tiled floor in my shower. I don’t think I’ve ever wet in my clothes while squatting down before. I usually do it standing up, to feel it running down my legs, but this way was nice too!

The wetness spread across my butt in unexpected ways, and the pee splashed onto the floor from multiple spots where it had soaked through my clothes; it wasn’t just a single stream. Afterwards, when I stood up, I could feel the wetness from my soaked backside wick and wind its way down the backs of my legs, but as the lower parts of my pantlegs had not gotten wet before, they absorbed it all and nothing dripped on the floor. Reveling in the sensation of wet clothes against my skin, I did some chores around the house before I threw everything in the wash and went to take a shower.

*014*2022-08-03 17:07

{{10 minutes ago, wetgarth said:

The felling of the wetness against the skin joined with excitement of such a taboo thing goes beyond sexual arousal. There is a euphoric feeling of getting away with it.... well there is for me anyway.

}}

That is exactly it, @wetgarth

It's almost its own thing.

