After Party Car Wetting

Author: WettingLeggins

*000*2021-12-31 07:28

It’s late November early December time and it’s a family friends birthday party, nothing too special just a casual party with LOTS of drinks and some food… nothing bad right? Wrong! As the night gets later and I consume more and more drinks and as we all know, more drinks mean more peeing, but I didn’t think about peeing until I needed o go fairly badly and I was… well, to scared to ask where the toilet was so I held it and held it and I knew I want going to be able to hold it for a few more hours so I asked my mum if we could go home soon and shortly after that we left, me being about a 4/10 at this point as me, my mum and my sister were getting in the car.

I climbed into the backseat of the car and we drove off down a bumpy, pot hole filled, gravel/dirt lane onto the main road which as u can imagine was like torture for me as the seatbelt kept on tightening against my bladder, it was about 45mins-1hour drive back home which I thought was easy and that I would make it… haha oh how wrong I was after about 10 mins I went from a 4/10 to a 7/10 I should be squirming around both hands on bladder type of desperation but with my mum and sister not knowing I only wanted to leave the party because I really needed a wee I needed to just keep quiet and hold it, spurts of pee came out here and there leaving small wet patches on my black leggings but I kept on holding.

It’s now been around 20 mins and I’m easily a good 9.5/10 I put my coat over my lap so I can hold my crotch until I get home but it’s not working every minute or 2 I keep letting big spurts out which are slowly going to drench my leggings with piss, still at least 15 mins to go and I’m in agony for the toilet.

I'm trying to find something I can sit on so if I end up soaking myself my mum won’t notice as if I pee on the seat there would be a massive wet pee stain all over where I was sat, so I remembered that my mum keeps a few towels under her seat because sometimes she has an accident and she can’t do much about it, so I grabbed one of hers and of course I grabbed a wet one, only my luck but I shove it under my bum sit down and I realise that it was still a wet one… shit, so I can either be desperate and have a wet bum or wet myself have a wet crotch and a wet bum, option 2 was looking better for me so I relax and pee my pants.

Little did I notice that it was over spilling onto the floor and over the the seat next to me, jeez I must have had a lot of pee in my, the towel was completely wet with my piss and so was the seat next to me, a small puddle probably a glass or 2 of piss just sitting there so I have to think quick, me not really thinking I switch seats so I can try and soak up the piss with my leggings and I take the coat off me lap and move over whist we’re driving down a road, so I sit down in the seat and my sister looks behind at me and then looks down, at this point I’m covered in piss and there’s a soaked towel in my hand, she turned back around and whispered to my mum “she’s peed her pants” and pointed back at me in the backseat, I’m sitting there all embarrassed thinking about what might happen now but to my surprise, nothing.

We finally make it home I put on my coat which luckily covered my bum and crotch so even if they didn’t know that I’d peed my pants, they wouldn’t have known then either but I walk into the house and go up to my bedroom to get changed, then my mum sent me a messege reading “accidents happen, bring them down in a bag and I’ll wash them for you” which put me at ease.

At least now I know, I can pee my pants, and enjoy it with no discipline.

Thanks for reading x

