My Wife Didn't Completely Make it

Author: willbill

*000*2023-07-07 05:58

Haven't posted in a while but figured I'd share an experience from last week with my wife not fully making it to the bathroom - which I'm lucky to experience on occasions with her having a rather small bladder.

Several days ago I was in the bathroom finishing taking a shower later morning in which with our kids home from school for the summer I always tend to lock the door so nobody barges in. My wife was doing some things out on the porch before I went into the bathroom in which I was in the shower for maybe 10 minutes or so, just finishing up, and getting out when my wife knocks on door and saying somewhat frantically Right as she did so "unlock the door. I have to pee so bad.". Since I had just stepped out, I just had to reach and did so right away.

My wife bursts in and goes straight to the toilet which is just a few steps inside the bathroom. She starts stomping her legs up and down as she normally does when needing to pee really bad or all of a sudden. Then she pulled down her shorts first for whatever reason for a split second where I saw her panties were a bit wet on the crotch before she pulled them down right after, where I saw her peeing already in the split second as she sat back on the toilet. Upon seeing her panties she mentioned she had to go for a couple minutes but put it off and the bathroom was just too far from the porch where she was once she realized she had the "gotta go right now feeling".

Has anyone else experienced situations like this with their wife, girlfriend fiance, etc where they wait too long unintentionally and don't quite make it to the bathroom on time?

*006*2023-07-10 23:54

{{On 7/8/2023 at 5:02 AM, Renatatswet said:

This happens to me at last a few times every week...

}}

How does it happen if I can ask, and is it mostly unintentional?

*009*2023-07-12 21:00

{{On 7/11/2023 at 4:15 AM, Renatatswet said:

It is always unintentional. It mostly happens when coming home after either a long public transport ride or a long walk home. Typical latch key accidents. Either at the front door, between the front door and the loo or in front of the loo trying to get my panties down in time. Most of the time just a little, but sometimes more.

}}

Have you ever had it where you couldn't stop and either kept going the entire way to the bathroom, getting your pants down, etc or else ended up having to stop or crouch in place and let go where you were at because you couldn't hold it any more.

