Fun with my wife

Author: Wallywick

*000*2021-10-18 20:19

Ok, I think it’s been long enough, it’s time to start telling our stories. I figured I’d make this topic as a place to catalog and share our fun adventures as much for myself as for everyone else’s enjoyment. I’ll add more posts as things happen, so stay tuned!

As you know, you can call me Walter. Me and my wife, Mae, have been “together” for 18 years, officially 15 and married 11. We have a couple kids together and still enjoy a pretty healthy sex life. (I’ll share more or less of that if anyone is interested). We used to have a Tumblr together, but once they nixed the porn that ended that. We do have a Twitter that she sometimes visits but usually it’s just me. We’re in our early 40’s/late 30’s and pretty average in most respects.

I’ve always kinda been interested in watersports and such, but hadn’t really found anyone I wanted to share that with before Mae. She’s very GGG and has come along on this journey with me very willingly, even though it was never really “her thing”. But for this post I’ll tell about the first time she ever peed in front of me and awakened something in me that “opened the floodgates” as it were.

Ok… so it’s many years ago, Mae is very pregnant with our first kid. We used to make the 90 minute drive to visit my family every couple weeks back then and were on our way home. It was late, the highway was long and dark and, again, she was very pregnant.

We’re not quite at the halfway point home, in the middle of nowhere, and I’m driving when she starts to fidget and shift in her seat.

“You ok?” I asked.

“Yeah. The baby’s on my bladder.”

I look around, there’s nothing but dark highway for miles. “Can you hold it til we get to a gas station or something?”

“I don’t know.”

“Want me to pull over?”

“No. No just keep driving. I’ll be ok”

So I carry on a bit longer but I can tell she’s getting more and more uncomfortable.

“Are you sure you don’t want me to pull over? It’s dark..” I glance at her and notice how tight she’s squeezing her thighs together.

“Noooo… I don’t know…”

I look at the center console and have an idea.

“Well, there’s a Chik-fil-a cup..” I suggest half-joking. (It’s a large cup that held our lemonade from the drive up hours before)

She thinks for a brief second… “yeah. Yeah ok.” And she unbuckles her seatbelt. I watch in my peripherals as she lifts her but and her big round tummy raises in the air as she undoes her jeans and slides them and her panties to her ankles. She scoots forward in her seat so her belly almost touches the glove box and takes the cup from the console. She’s hurrying now, the promise of relief almost making her let go too soon, and takes off the lid and holds the cup underneath her.

“Keep you eyes on the road. I don’t want to die like this” she says and I immediately hear the hiss as her pee jets out and into the styrofoam cup. She let out a little sighing moan as it just keeps going. I can’t see anything, but I can hear the cup filling and the faint smell fills the car. The sounds and smell of her peeing along with her obvious relief and intimate release… the closeness of sharing such a thing she’d never done in front of (or rather next to) anyone before got me instantly turned on and rock hard.

She finished before the cup filled all the way and put the lid back on. “Now don’t get confused and drink it” she joked as though I might (though these days who knows… I might just). And she pulled her pants back up and buckled back in. “Well, now I can’t say I’ve never peed in front of someone.”

”And I’m glad. Cuz that was hot as fuck. I hope you have to do it again sometime.” I replied. She gave me that “oh you” look and we drove the rest of the way home where we had crazy sex almost as soon as we got in the door. I could hardly contain myself thinking of what had happened. Something had awakened in me, a new thing I never really considered before and could hardly wait to explore (although it took quite a while before we would actually revisit that aspect of our sex life.) But the seed that had been planted by porn and fantasy had gotten watered and was starting to grow…

*002*2021-10-18 20:29

{{1 minute ago, knockonthedoor said:

Has she come to enjoy it herself or does she just do it for you? Or is that story for next time?

}}

You’ll just have to wait and see.

*003*2021-10-20 16:59

Ok, jumping waaaay ahead, a month or so ago we found ourselves with a childless afternoon so we took a drive to the woods for a nice stroll.

Pretty much as soon as we got there Mae realized she had to pee, and since such an occurrence is pretty common anymore she just pulled off the side of the trail to let go. Unfortunately the trail was busy enough I had to stand lookout and couldn’t watch, but fortunately (for me anyway) she got her panties wet and, since she hates cold wet chafing clothes, she took them off and spent the rest of the afternoon without them. She was even nice enough to let me get some pics.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*005*2021-10-20 17:20

{{2 minutes ago, Racergirl1404 said:

I don’t mean for this to be pervy but she has a really nice butt

}}

This is a pervy forum, isn’t it?

*009*2022-02-08 17:57

Guys… I think she’s onto me.

$$

$$

*014*2022-02-12 19:06

{{20 hours ago, PrincessInTheP said:

Wally this is incredible. How did I not see this until now. Your wife's ass is 🤌.

Living the dream man

}}

There’s more where that came from on my Twitter.

