Waterproofed mountain bike shorts worked a treat

Author: wetgarth

*000*2024-05-03 22:04

So having re treated my mtb shorts with a fabric waterproof spray, I finally got a chance to try them out today. I set off on one my bike ride with the sun shining. Rain was forecast but expected to be back home before i started.

For those interested, I was wearing grey CK boxer briefs, lycra padded cycling shorts and black mtb shorts over the top.

My route would be about 24 miles, mostly quiet back lanes and a few trails.

I set off without having peed, knowing that I would put my shorts to the test at some point into the ride. Having had a couple of mugs of tea before setting off, it wasn't long before I needed a pee. So after about 8 miles I found a nice scenic place to stop, take a drink and whilst I stood at the side of my bike, just released the pressure and enjoyed the lovely warmth spread inside my pants and flowing out of the legs of my shorts. Waterproofing worked a treat, nothing to see but felt lovely.

Hopped back on my bike with the padding squishing as I sat back on the saddle. Surprisingly, after just another 4-5 miles, the urge to pee suddenly grew quickly. So with my new found confidence, I stopped on a grassy verge, no one around and just simply let it all go again, re soaking my already wet pants with more warmth and wetness as I watched the flow out of the legs of my shorts again. Pleased with myself, I yet again hopped back on my bike enjoying the re-wetted padded cycling shorts against the saddle.

The skies had been getting heavier and darker and within 5 miles or so from home, the heavens opened. I stopped to put on my waterproof jacket from my backpack. Whilst stopped I decided to let another pee out into my pants, not worried because even if it did start to show, it was now raining and would be hidden by that.

I rode the final couple of miles throught the town, in the rain, in wet pants to home

When home I got out of my cycling gear but kept my pants on under my jeans and carried on with my day. Still wearing them now but are fully dried. However I know the experience they have had but no one else does except you guys here 😁

*002*2024-05-26 08:58

{{On 5/4/2024 at 2:19 AM, OldWetGuy said:

Thanks for your narrative and clothing tips. I like cycling shorts for wetting even though my bicycling days are behind me.

}}

Maybe try an ebike, you'd be suprised how effective they are and possible get to enjoy an old past-time 😁

*004*2024-05-27 08:08

{{11 hours ago, WetAndMuddyFun said:

That sounds like a amazing ride.

}}

It was extremely enjoyable, worked out well for me on that occasion 😁

