The time me and my boyfriend discovered we both liked wetting

Author: Wide

*000*2019-07-17 02:20

So, let me set a scene:

By this time, me and my boyfriend had been together for about a year and a half by now. We owned a house together in a relatively quiet neighborhood.

My boyfriend had just left the house to go hang with some of his friends, have lunch and see a movie, leaving me home alone for what I guessed to be at least a few hours. I get on my computer and start doing the general things. Surfing the internet, checking social media, etc.

About 2 hours in, I need to go to the bathroom, badly. I have a large bladder so by the time I need to go, I need to go. I started to get up, I decided since my boyfriend probably wasn't gonna be home for a while, I could pee here and clean it up afterwards. I hesitate on the idea a bit, but then I let go, to where I couldn't stop myself immediately. My pee quickly soaks the sweatpants I had on, puddling on the swivel chair I was sat in.

However, in the moment I had let go, I heard my boyfriend walk in the door. I tried to stop it so I could quickly try and not be seen, but there was no way it was happening. By now, the pee was flowing over the sides of the chair and on to the floor, making audible noise and a puddle. My boyfriend probably heard it, and his footsteps quickly make their way around the corner. He stops and just looks at me, whilst I'm still peeing uncontrollably for about 15 seconds longer. It stops, and I have no words, and nor does he.

Suddenly, he did the last thing I had expected. He wets himself, too. His jeans are quickly soaked, and he forms a puddle around his feet once his shoes started to overflow. I sit, staring, for the time it goes on for. Once he stops, he looks at me and says,

"I'm hoping that this wasn't an accident on your part otherwise I look like a fool right now."

"It wasn't... you're into this?" I dumbly ask, standing up.

"I mean, I feel like it's obvious." He says.

We've been together for quite some time now, enjoying wetting ourselves any time we're the only two people at our house.

We buy so many air freshener wall plugs and candles you wouldn't believe it.

