Almost wetting in class

Author: wetvenus

*000*2022-10-02 19:00

Holy shit y'all, last Thursday I nearly pissed myself in history class

Before driving to school, I stopped at the store and grabbed a coffee, a water, and a light snack. It's a 30 minute commute, and without thinking I drink way too much liquid. I'm pretty small, roughly 5'1, so it doesn't take much to fill me up, and once the need to go to the bathroom hits me, it hits me. By the time I get to my history class, I'm already running late, but I don't need to pee too badly. I have to walk up a hill, across campus, and several flights of stairs to get to my class, so I drink a bit more water when I get there.

About 15 minutes into a 75 minute class, I start to feel like I have to pee, but it's not that bad, only an hour left. My professor has made it very clear he does not like when students get up and leave in the middle of class, and I don't want to miss any notes, so I ignore my growing desperation and stay there.

About 15 more minutes pass by and I'm really feeling it now. I had my legs crossed and was trying to focus on the lecture rather than the screaming urge to run out and take a piss. As each minute passed, it got worse. By the last 15 minutes of class, it was painful. I was switching between crossing my legs and sitting on my heel, pressing it into my crotch in an attempt to hold myself subtly. I had completely given up on paying attention to the lecture as all I could focus on was how badly I had to go. I was starting to get genuinely worried that I would have an accident in front of everyone.

Of course, my professor just had to go a few minutes over time to explain something sigh. The second he dismissed us, I crammed my notebook into my bag and walked quickly out of class, trying to still be subtle while also trying not to start pissing myself in the hallway.

To my surprise/relief, the bathrooms were basically empty when I got there and I was able to relieve myself in time. I swear, I peed for well over a minute.

Now I know not to drink so much before class, I guess 😜

