Live pee holding contest

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2024-07-04 07:09

Yesterday i was thinking to something special and out of my comfort zone completely. I have few days of from work now and i am decided to have good omo fun while i have time and no plans and hurry in few days, haha.

I am a shy guy my mid 30s but i think maybe i could do something more daring than my usual wet my pants alone in the shower🤣 I thought it would be fun to have a little holding contest with someone or maybe even with multiple people via skype, i bet it would be special. haha. Like i said i am a bit shy so we can do it in the way we are showing ourselves without showing the face and as i am not good pronouncing english i prefer to chat just with text myself. haha. You can decide how much you will show yourself, its completely yours decicion.

I think i like to do this at some point during today if there is interest to participate here, hehe. It is open for anyone without any gender limitations. Answer if you are interested about it, its a bit daring but heck you only live once😆

Rules will be simple: we will have 1.5liter/50.5oz liquid of your choice, you can decide what you want to consume. We drink normal size drinking glass (2.5dl/8.5oz) in every 10 minutes. By that i mean you will have 10 mins to finish the drink. So liquid will have been consumed around an hour of time. Little leak isnt judged to be losing but after completely lost control is a lose. haha

No special rules about clothes but it would be nice to wear some light coloured to make sure wettnes is easy to spot, haha.

*002*2024-07-05 05:38

{{10 hours ago, Wetlifter37 said:

Ooh love this! I'm doing rapid desperation today so a little bit different rules (and will probably make me lose control sooner) but I'm down to participate!

}}

It would be fun to have contest,hehe. Sadly this time seems that our timing was a bit different but i am open and ready for this any time if our schedules matches.😃

