Wetting as a student

Author: WetNick88

*000*2019-12-15 19:36

I have been posting here for a while now, but this is my first topic - so bear with me if I haven't got the tone right yet. I was moved to post this one when I replied to a post about wetting in public on purpose saying I had never done this intending to be spotted, then remembering that this wasn't strictly true. There was this one time when I was a student...

I had discovered the joys of holding in my teens, and I promise I will write up some more memories soon. Going to university (early eighties) was the first chance I had to really indulge my fetish, and was the first time I discovered that I wasn't alone. It took a while but in my second year I bought some copies of Fiesta magazine after a pathetic delay building up the courage to go into a newsagent and take a copy from the top shelf and purchase it. I am sure my face was burning.

Previously I had been passed on copies at school or found them discarded in lay-by's when out cycling, and knew the bits I liked were not the pictures as much as the readers letters. It didn't take long before I found letters talking about knicker wetting - at last, I wasn't alone! The first one I remember was headlined 'More Yellow Rivers' and told the story of a young woman who hadn't been able to hold it on the way home from the pub, and who had found the whole experience a terrific turn on, and was now a habitual wetter.

So I began to experiment whenever I could get away with not being discovered. It was easier once I was living in digs rather than in halls, and this particular time was at the end of my second year. I had to drive up to Scotland for a field trip, very long drive and the chance to really see how long I could hold my pee in. As I recall I stopped overnight on the way up and it was on the second day that I really let myself go, driving through the most beautiful scenery as my need for the loo got more and more desperate. I was wearing brown corduroy trousers, and thick red cotton undoes, both nice and absorbent.

As I meandered my way northwestwards through the highlands I was drinking water and getting more and ore desperate for the loo. There were lots of places I could have pulled over and gone into the bushes, but none that were really hidden, so I just kept going. As I crossed over from East to West and beyond Kinloch Laggan (where as a child I had messed my pants on a long trip to Skye), my need to pee became eve more painful.

There's a petrol station in Spean Bridge - I can stop there, I thought. But that was a fair way off still and well before I got there I had started spurting small jets into my pants. Now I was getting aroused, and my mind was racing with self delusional fantasies. What if I walked into the shop/post office and found it staffed by a young woman around my age? What if she was into this too? Would she take me into the toilet and clean me up, or spank me, or have sex with me? I glanced down at my crotch - the pee was barely showing but I could feel the warm wetness around my balls. Dare I let more go? Could I stop it?

Spean Bridge finally appeared in the distance. I swung into the parking area in front of what is now the Spar shop. I sat in the car looking down at my crotch daring myself to get out, and eventually I did. I wandered into the shop as casually as I could and started looking for lunch things to buy, simultaneously looking around to see if the girl of my dreams was indeed behind the counter. Of course she wasn't! There was a crusty old Scotsman, and nobody else. I adjusted my jacket to hide my shameful trousers (although I'm not sure anyone would really have noticed the wet patch, paid for my items and went on my way. I was so embarrassed I didn't even stop for the loo.

It was a long haul up the Great Glen to the next stop at Fort Augustus. I wet some more on the way, but it had dried a little by the time I got there, so I suspect the appearance was much the same. Here I did stop at a garage, and I think I used the loo to at least tidy myself up a little, but I was still holding on.

Eventually, on a very scenic part of the route, with rocky slopes to my right, and conifer forest to my left, as I breasted a rise I felt my bladder give up. I had to stop now before I ruined the car seat. A place to stop appeared on my left and I pulled in. No other cars there for now, and a stone wall divided the lay-by from the forest. I grabbed a change of undies and trousers and a towel from the back seat, and jumped across the wall, and into the trees. I leaned back against a large fir tree and let my piss flow - what a relief! Pee flooded my cords, dripping onto the pine needles at my feet. I was so turned on my cock was hard almost as soon as the piss had stopped flowing.

I cleaned up as best I could, but I'm sure I must have smelled of pee if anyone had got close to me.

