One accident leads to another!

Author: wetchris

*000*2023-01-21 15:41

A few days ago it was bitterly cold in the UK but I had volunteered to run a friend to the local hospital.

The idea was to drop them at the main entrance and just come straight back - a journey of about 30 minutes. Parking spaces there are difficult to find and the parking charges very steep.

For some reason the traffic seemed heavier than usual despite the fact it was 7.30am. By the time we got there I was already at 7/10 but thought I would be okay until I got back home.

I should add that I have a weak bladder and usually wear a pad and plastic pants for such journeys. But I had got up late so just had some thermal long pants and my trackie bottoms on.

I had left the hospital no more than a few minutes when everything ground to a halt and then progress was extremely slow.

I was now at 8/10 and was thinking about where I could possibly stop and take a leak. But it was a suburban shopping area with no chance of finding relief anywhere. There were toilets in the town centre but by the time I had parked the car and walked there it might well have been too late anyway. I later discovered one road had been closed due to an accident on an icy road. I hoped the second one wouldn't be in my clothes!

My big concern was flooding the car seat and I just hoped and prayed I could make it home.

Added to my anguish, holding my pee had led to me needing a poo and now I was fighting both very urgent demands. I regretted not making sure I had done my morning poop before leaving the house but time had been short.

By now it was 9/10 and being forced to hunch forward squeeze my legs together, clench my rear muscles and hold myself through my trackies. Managed a couple of photos as you will see below.

Then came the realisation that I was losing the battle as my fingers felt damp and a quick glance down confirmed I was wet. I was now out of heavy traffic and would be home in a few minutes. Then I felt a long stream escape. I managed to shut it off and jumped out of the car to quickly get a plastic bag to sit on. It was a good move as moments later I just sat there and pissed myself uncontrollably. All I could feel was all my clothes getting warm and wet and I also felt I had started to poo in my undies, though not much.

I parked the car and hobbled in as far as I could and managed to get onto the toilet before I fully lost control at the rear end.

Lesson for today. Make sure you are always padded!

Managed to take some pics of my mishap in the toilet.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

