Latchkey effect hit me hard yesterday

Author: WarmWinter

*000*2023-10-24 02:31

(Extremely brief mentions of poop)

Might sound weird, but since returning from a long distance trip in the summer I've noticed a change in my bladder's behaviour. I use the bathroom more frequently, I can no longer hold in my pee as long as I used to (both issues still feel within the realm of normal so I'm not concerned about the change), but most importantly, the latchkey effect hits me hard. Before I had no problems with this. I'd be bursting, walk into a bathroom, and still be at the same level of desperation. Since the trip, while I've never experienced a full latchkey wetting, I definitely almost did yesterday.

I was wearing light blue jeans. I was coming home from a morning event. I had more plans in the day so I'd only be home for about 15 minutes. During the walk to my house I felt the need for a #2 so I made a mental note to use the toilet. I bring that up because I had no signals from my bladder. During the morning event I had had a coffee, and about 3 cups of applejuice, so I had a mild suspicion that my bladder was actually very full. But because it wasn't telling me that, peeing was not on my mind at all.

At my house now, I go in the front door, and it was like my bladder slapped me in the face lol. Immediately I felt the strain and hunched over. I crossed my legs as I took off my bags, but when I unclenched to take my shoes off I leaked. I couldn't believe how desperate I got so suddenly. I was muttering "Oh my God, Oh my God, Please" over and over. I had managed to kick one shoe off, but like 5 seconds after my first leak I spurted more. I could feel it in my inner thighs.

Still wearing one shoe I was practically jogging in place, trying to hold it. My dance helped a little but I was so desperate. I managed to pause for a second to kick my other shoe off. It flung down the hall but I didn't care. I made a dash upstairs to the toilet. I ran into the bathroom, my jacket still on. I stopped in front of the toilet, hopping up and down, trying to undo my belt.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, oh my God, please."

It was impossible to get it undone without dancing. I pressed my legs together and focused on the belt, but the second I held still I started peeing. My knees were bent so it spread around my bum. I finally unbuckled my belt. Just as my pee began to spread down the back of my thighs I undid the button on my jeans, pulled the zipper, yanked everything down in one go, and plopped my ass down on the toilet seat. I pissed so hard into the water a bit of it slashed back up on me. I realized that I was out of breath as well. All that legwork and strain really took a toll on me. So as I was catching my breath and relieving myself, I thought about how I only had a few minutes before I had to go out again lol.

While sitting I just took my jeans and soaked underwear off my ankles, took my jacket off as well, and when I finished using the toilet (I had to poo too) I just flushed and hopped straight into the shower. My upper half was still clothed I just rinsed off my butt, crotch, and legs. I dried myself up, tossed my pissed clothes into my pile of dirty laundry, changed, and raced out of the house again.

*007*2023-10-27 00:23

{{On 10/24/2023 at 1:25 PM, SilverSnake said:

I've been there before! If this issue persists though you may want to talk to a doctor as there are several treatments for urge incontinence 🙂

Very hot story, I love the image of you trying desperately to get your clothes off as you leak 💛

}}

I was quite excited during this experience but obviously health comes first over omo. I will definitely be monitoring myself!

