Ofduty meeting with my workmates

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2022-01-08 14:51

Hello i think i should share this story with you guys, so this happened to me couple of months ago. Okay, i was at work in friday as usual and while having a break i had a nice chatter with my workmates and someone propose that we should go out and have a few drinks in this friday eve. I have nothing better to do so i decided to agree with that, we decided to meet at the bar around 7 pm and have a few drinks.

I arrived in the bar around 10 mins earlier and there was couple of my workmates already so i join with them and ordered pint of beer. While i was drinking my beer the end of our group entered at the bar, so there was 12 people in our group including myself. There was only 2 ladies with us in that night. ( i work in a male dominant job).

We were chatting and having a good time and time flies so quick and we were having quite a few drinks, i was drinking only beer but got 4 pints of them during the night and i was a little bit tipsy but not especially drunk though. Well as you might know beer makes you need to pee quite fast and i have to visit the bathroom quite often.

When we decided that the night is over and we should head up home, other of my female workmates said we should share the taxi as we lived in the same way and spare some money. I agreed to that and we ordered the taxi and while we were waiting she decided to use the loo just in case, i didnt. I felt a little urge but was sure i can make it home without no problems at all, later i noticed that i was so wrong about that. As the taxi arrived and we hopped in my urge was a much stronger but there is no choice anymore. We chatted as the drive went on and by the halfway i was in trouble and have to squirm and jiggle to keep myself in line.

After we were almost in my neighbourhood i suddenly felt a quite a loing spurt escaping and felt my undies getting all warm and wet, i glenched myself up hardest i can and had to squeeze my penis to stop the flow. I was blushing like crazy and i was glad it was dark so she couldnt saw it, but she saw that i had to use my hand to holding. She then asked to me with a kind tone in her voice: is that bad can you make it home? I answered that i just leaked in my pants but luckily i got black pants so nothing is easily visible. She was understandable to me and told that she has been there too and she could understand my situation.

I managed to keep myself from leaking anymore for the rest of the drive and when i was leaving the car i said goodnights to her and hade to run for the house. I got behind my fence and peed right there, oh my how good the relief felt. I peed over a minute and when i was done i got inside my house and checked if there was any damage, but only my undies were fairly wet and my pants got a really tiny wet spot which wasnt noticeaple at all in the dark.

Later in my workplace my female workmate never took that night as a topic and never talked anything up it to me. We are working and chatting as before so i think she meant what she told, that she can totally understand that situation. I am glad she did.

