Wetting game

Author: wetpanties2

*000*2017-02-22 01:55

I'm not sure exactly who I took this from, but I saw a post here once about a wetting game someone played at a mall, where they set a timer and no matter where they were they had to pee right then.

Anyways, I decided to do this on my own time

I was sitting in my room, horny (oops) so I wanted to have a little bit of naughty fun. I was already desperate to pee, so badly that i was crossing my legs and having to hold my crotch to keep from wetting myself right then. I set a timer for 40 minutes and continued with my day. I went downstairs and had some tea and started to clean up around my house. While sweeping the floor, I occasionally had to bend over and jam a hand into my crotch in desperation. I remember thinking "holy shit, what if I don't even make it to the timer?"

About 20 minutes passed, and I was vacuuming the carpet in one of the rooms, when I felt a spurt of hot pee spread in my panties. The pink frilly fabric was damp, and I could feel it through my light jeans. I continued on, crossing and in crossing my legs to contain my desperate urges.

Moments later, I moaned loudly as a stream of liquid slowly made it's way into my clothes, leaving a small wet patch on my jeans. I crouched down, and held a firm hand to my pussy as I stood up and continued to clean.

Finally, as I was folding a blanket in the living room, the alarm sounded from my phone. A sweep of panic rushed over me when I realized I had to pee right there, on the white carpet floor. Groaning, I gave in and let my bladder release in small streams.

The first stream trickled down my jeans, causing a small, wet streak down the inner part of my pants. The next stream came quickly and suddenly, and I had no time to stop. The golden pee ran down my thighs and over the white carpet below me. I moaned in pleasure and shoved my hand down into my pants as I peed. I let the warm piss flow through my fingers and down my legs. When I was finished, I collapsed to the ground, sitting in my own puddle of still warm pee, and massaged my clit through my panties.

It took barely any time for me to orgasm, as I was so turned on by the puddle underneath me.

I cleaned the mess and didn't even bother to change my pants.

That was probably one of the most fun wettings I've ever done.

