Depend too small

Author: Wide

*000*2019-08-18 06:57

Me and my boyfriend tend to not be secretive about our fetish with close friends, there's roughly 10 other dudes than us that know about our love for all things pee. And this has it's benefits as I recently found out.

Me and my boyfriend were heading for to a friends house, and we decided to walk seeing as they lived close by. On the way, my boyfriend chose to wet himself because he knew our friend didn't care. I decided to hold it, just in case he didn't want the pee all over his furniture.

We arrived, and we start hanging out, playing video games and whatnot to pass the time. About two hours in, I still hadn't pissed, and was now desperate. I was squirming a lot, and my friend noticed.

"I knew this would happen." He said, and got up to go get something. He then returned with a pair of underwear, which my boyfriend quickly identified as a Depend. He gave it to me and said I should go change. "I hope it fits, XL was the biggest size I could get."

I go into another room, and drop my pants. I started to slip on the depend, but it wouldn't fit. I called my boyfriend in, and he saw the situation. He tries to help, but it won't go all the way up.

"Dude, you're either gonna have to put your pants on and run to the bathroom, or just pee now. You know he doesn't care that much as long as it gets cleaned up." He reasons with me. I decide to just pull up my pants and wet them to try and prevent the pee from hitting the floor. I let go, and its instantly a lot from the amount of holding I did.

"Is everything okay in here?" My friend says as he walks around the corner into the room. He stares as I keep peeing. It, due to the size of my bladder, is to much for my pants, and still ends up puddling a bit. I wiped it up using the depend and we went back to what we were doing.

"I'll make sure to try and get a bigger size next time." My friend says as we all sit back down.

