Had some fun while at a small edm show

Author: wetting_fan

*000*2022-08-08 15:41

Had some good desperation and leaking fun at an edm show this weekend. Rules of course being that nothing should ever be visible to anyone else and no puddles.

So I made sure that I needed to go before I left home for the show, then I pretended to use the bathroom on the way out. You know the game where you go in to the bathroom, do everything as normal, except you don't actually go? (ugh, stuff like that gives me a chill to just think about it).

I arrived about an hour later, and now I had to go bad. I took two rounds of vodka before going into the show, for good desperate measure of course. Once I got inside, I again "went to the bathroom". It was such a rush to wash my hands and walk out still desperate, I'd say I was at a 7 at this point.

My next move was to get a tall corona to keep things going. An hour after that beer, and yea I was doing a potty dance whenever I could. Not holding myself or being obvious, but I was definitely starting to bend at the knees and get fidgety. It felt so good at this point and I wanted to chat up a lady so bad, but I was nervous about what would happen if things went too well.

I started to get the early warning spasms, so I knew it was almost time to leak a bit. Right when the DJ transitioned to the headliner and started their first hype track, I stopped holding for a moment. Within seconds, an amazing burst shot right into my pants. It felt soooo good, like I'm sure you all know exactly what I mean. The pee was thick with precum and made such a hot spot on my teal briefs. Enjoying that tingly feeling of stopping the flow for just a few moments, I gave in again and let an even stronger burst come out.

Still nothing visible on my jeans, but I knew that I was going to push my luck if I did any more. I kept holding the rest and enjoying the warm wetness for a while (it was really really hard to hold it after letting some out, wow let me tell you). 

Toward the end of the show (another hour later), I felt decently dry and was now at a solid 9, so I did another burst. This one was muchhhh harder to stop, so at that point I decided to leave. Once I got out of sight, I stopped in a dark area, got low and just let it happen before going home. Ughh, 10/10 night out I'd say. Only way it could have gone better was if I had a partner with me who was in on it too 😛

