My Best Wetting (so far)

Author: WetLunn

*000*2025-07-21 05:19

Most of my wettings happen in my room or bathroom (unless it is a genuine accident, not very common unfortunately), since I don't have the courage to do it in public. So, naturally, one night I was sitting by my PC playing Genshin after already having showered and put on my pajamas. Because of that I wasn't actually planning to do anything, but after a while I started feeling the need to pee.

I decided to just hold it for fun until I really had to go, and then use the bathroom normally. However as time passed and the urge grew, I couldn't help but think about letting go. In any case, I didn't want to soil myself since I had already showered and everything, and was too lazy to clean myself up. The problem was that I was also too lazy to get my ass off the chair, so I just kept on holding till I couldn't anymore.

As I began squirming in the chair and rubbing my thighs together out of desperation, I also began getting horny, and wanted to masturbate. However I knew if I were to do that in there, I would just end peeing myself. So the brilliant solution was to try to suppress both feelings until I at least finished the in-game event I was doing, and go to the toilet as a normal person.

Well... You can probably already guess how that ended. Not even five minutes later the need to pleasure myself got over me, and so in an instant decision I just relaxed all of my muscles and let it all out. At the moment it felt sooo relaxing, like a wave of pleasure (my first actual peegasm 🤤). I completely flooded my pajamas' pants, and kept it going for what it felt like minutes (but it was probably just a couple of seconds). By the time I finished I was so embedded with relief I couldn't even concentrate in the game anymore, I just pulled down my soaked pants a little bit, and started masturbating.

The clean up later was indeed HELL, but honestly it might have been worth it. I remembered I peed so much that my piss not only soaked almost my entire pants, but also started leaking through the sides of the chair, forming a puddle beneath me. My pajamas were never the same after this incident, so I just added them to the collection of my wetting clothes (old or special clothes that I only use for wetting).

Now, I would LOVE to also hear your best wetting story! 💕🤤

