Cheeky 5h hold before bed

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-03-14 03:14

I haven’t posted a hold on here in a while so I thought it would be fun to do a medium length hold tonight before bed. I want to see if I can last 5 hours, getting myself up to a significant bladder bulge and bladder firm to the touch, until I either wet myself or succeed in holding it to bed with lots of squirming.

However, wetting myself will NOT be an option until the 5 hours holding time is up! I’m going to be filling my bladder gradually so I can get used to the pressure and get comfortable with the fullness. My 1 litre water bottle is full and I’ve had 8 ounces (236ml) so far.

*002*2023-03-14 03:22

Thank you! That first 8 ounces is starting to hit and I can feel the slightest tingles in my bladder. I want to get up to at least 16 oz by the 2 hour mark because I know my desperation will build with time.

Should I have another 4 ounces now or wait a bit first. Lot of hours without a toilet ahead of me

*004*2023-03-14 03:28

{{1 minute ago, brown4182004 said:

Hope you can meet your goal!

}}

I will!

*007*2023-03-15 21:35

Hey guys so sorry I never finished posting here! I dropped my phone in water that night and it was very stressful as I have some important notes and writing saved there that isn't backed up anywhere else. Fortunately I was able to back up my data but I'm gonna need a new phone 😞

*010*2023-03-15 21:42

As promised, before the phone thing happened I did manage to get up to a 9/10 bladder, it was very firm to the touch, large visible bulge and a throbbing urge. I was getting waves of desperation and basically couldn't stop squirming. In other words, I felt absolutely fulfilled!

{{2 minutes ago, Mrdesperation said:

That's no fun 😕 Hope you get it sorted out with minimal issues.

}}

Yeah, the cost is what sucks the most but I'm super grateful I was able to back up my data. I would've been crushed to lose my writing and some pictures that aren't stored anywhere else

*012*2023-03-15 21:48

I'm thinking of doing another hold this evening! I finished work about 45 minutes ago and am planning to go as long as I can without the toilet. I've started the process of filling up my bladder, I've had a good amount from my water bottle and going to have 10 ounces now to pack a punch and get my bladder tingling

I managed to hold almost a litre over 6 hours last time, so I think I should be able to do close to that again, certainly at least 24 ounces

*014*2023-03-15 21:50

I just drank 10 ounces, its only a matter of time now before I start feeling some squirminess... can't wait!

How much do you think I should try to hold today? I know my desperation will build over time so even 16 ounces held over several hours can get difficult, but a bulging bladder is the best kind of bladder

*016*2023-03-15 22:01

Oh my, 1.5 litres! At that rate I won't be able to hold very long which would be a pity

*018*2023-03-15 22:09

24 ounces is a great goal, I'm gonna do it gradually but certainly by a few hours from now I should be able to be holding that amount

*020*2023-03-15 22:10

If I do it gradually the pressure will build and I'll feel more desperate in the end. Already the 10 ounces plus all the water from my water bottle is beginning to wake up my bladder

*022*2023-03-15 22:13

Hopefully not too soon! If I'm not at at least a 5-6/10 in an hour I'll have another 6 or 8 ounces.

My goal was to make my toilet off limits till bed time...

*024*2023-03-15 22:15

And enjoy a bulging bladder for as much of that time as possible

{{1 minute ago, Seifer69 said:

Remember not to go too far

}}

No worries, all for fun 🙂

