My First Ever Deliberate Wetting Story

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-10-03 06:29

So I don't think I've ever told anyone this story before, let alone posted it on here, but I figured that I would share it now. So this is the story of my first deliberate wetting, which is what made me realize I love peeing myself! It's not too crazy of a story, it's simple really, but I wanna share it.

So this was about 4 years ago, give or take, and I was home alone. Now, I was already into omorashi related stuff, I mean, I was looking up videos on YouTube and other sites of people wetting themselves. I had never imagined myself to be doing the wetting. I recall myself just sitting around, hanging out in my room. My mom had wanted me to do some chores that day, but I had been putting it off all day long. I do know for a fact that I was watching a video of a girl pissing her pants, and the way that the pee seemed to just crawl out of her pants and down her legs intrigued me. After I was done watching the video, I was watching TV or something like that in my room. I don't think I had peed in a while, considering the fact my bladder started to fill up. I was going to go to the bathroom, when I had thought I heard a car door close from outside, and it hit me that I hadn't done any of the chores my mom had asked me to do.

So, I quickly ran into my kitchen, tossed some dishes into the dishwasher, and I ran around the house in record time, doing chores, until I realized that my mom wasn't really home. I was just hearing things or something. But I didn't know when she would show up, so I continued doing the chores. The last thing I had to do was laundry, and my washing machine is in my old basement. I started to do it, when I realized that I was so desperate to pee. I was crossing my legs as I threw clothes into the machine, and took wet clothes out, and put them in the dryer. The wet clothes made me only have to go worse, but then I had an idea. I wanted to see what it would be like to pee myself.

I kept thinking about it, and telling myself that it was gross and that it should only be kept to people who like peeing themselves. But I had realized that I never actually peed myself, at least, not since I was a kid. I kept debating it in my head, until I decided that it wasn't worth it, because I didn't know if my mom would pull up right then. I decided that I would just go pee on the toilet, when my phone rang. It was my mom. She had told me that she would be home in like 15 minutes or something like that. I hung up the phone, and stood there, in my basement. I was wearing jeans that day, and they were actually really tight on me. So they didn't do any justice to my bladder. Finally, I just decided to let it out. Yolo, right?

It was my first deliberate wetting, and I'll admit that it felt weird. I felt really dirty doing it. The smell of my own pee was what really surprised me. The warmth growing down my legs felt weird, but the fact that it felt burning hot was interesting, and I felt myself getting horny from it. It had mostly went down one leg, but I ended up squatting on the floor of my basement for the rest of it. By the time I was finished, my heart was pounding and I felt like I had just robbed from a store.

Part of me felt guilty doing it, like I shouldn't have done it. But my mom wasn't home, so she didn't know. I took a picture of the basement floor and how big my puddle was. I mopped up the puddle to the best I could, and I did it in my soaked jeans. I went back into my room, and looked at myself in the mirror. It was such a rush to see piss on my jeans. I snapped a picture of my pants because I knew that I would do it again, so I wanted a "memory" saved of it.

Right after I took the photo, I remember shoving my hand deep inside my pants and feeling my panties, which were wet, and my hand found its way to my pussy, and for the next period of time, I lied on my floor, and I fingered myself so hard, it brought me to an orgasm that felt out of this world. I remember that the orgasm was incredible because of the rush I got. Now, like a lot of people, I usually moan to myself subconsciously while I get off, but I remember that when I hit that orgasm, it hit me so hard that I let out a super loud wail. When I pulled myself together, I knew that this would be something I would do for many more times.

I remember jumping in the shower, and by the time I got out, my mom was home. She asked if the laundry was in the washing machine, which I told her yes. I had my dirty clothes right next to my side when I was talking to her, and she had told me that she didn't want to do an extra load, so she would just take my clothes from me and she'd throw them in the washing machine. I remember insisting on telling her no, and that I would be the one to put my clothes in the wash for her. She seemed confused but she went with it.

And that was the story of what got me into self-urination. I don't really reach that ground-shaking orgasm as much anymore when I deliberately pee myself nowadays, but whenever I have a legit accident, usually in public, the embarrassment turns me on afterwards, and I usually get that same feeling.

I'd love to hear everyone else's first deliberate wetting stories!

$$

$$

$$

*006*2017-10-03 18:15

{{7 hours ago, aussie91 said:

I wish i could think back to my first wetting but its gone :( thats awesome thanks for the pics. dont know were your from but you should do it while camping its the best. when its dark sitting around the fire let a few spurts out then go for a walk and let the rest out. thats what i do. because we usually camp near a river so i just jump in no one expects a thing.

}}

That's a perfect idea, I'll ask my friend if she wants to go camping, thanks

*010*2017-10-04 03:44

{{7 hours ago, crazycatgirl3 said:

Omg amazing story

}}

Thanks love

