My first real accident

Author: wettingmyself

*000*2023-12-23 23:50

Well, I ve been into piss play for many years now since my late teens. I love to hold it, get desperate, wet myself and play with piss when I have time on my own and feel extra naughty and horny! Lately I ve tried diapers too and loved it and I have a real sweet spot in my heart for public adventures wich began when I soaked myself in a train while chatting with a fellow member in here last year. I also love to pee in naughty places, release some non-chalantly and even leaking on purpose when really naughty and aroused.

I ve never experienced real pee sex though because I m too shy to come out I suppose,except if it counts for me to be extra desp while fucking and having my girl teasing and rubbing my belly or me doing the same to her, or that one time I really flooded a lady's pussy while fucking really hard and made it seem like an accident.

So, one of my biggest turn ons and fantasies ever is bed wetting! Despite the fact, I rarely have the house on my own and I am always too worried about the mess and the possibility of a totally ruined mattress so I ve never tried it.

Well, until last night! Here's what happened: I am in some kind of medication these days which makes me pee more and I had a really salty dinner last night, followed by maybe 7 big glasses of water before bed. So I went to bed normally with my girl, who's not into pee and doesn't know.

I know that at some point I ve been dreaming about a girl, a fellow fetlifer in fact, that I sometimes play with and shes always so kinky and dirty. I ve been dreaming about us cuddling, making out while desperate and her asking me to soak as both as we kiss.

She knew how strong I can piss when hard so that I could reach both our faces and mouths and really shower us in hot piss whole kissing. I told her that I couldn't because I was so hard and she kept trying to make me relax and piss hard.

I really wanted to do that and that thought made me to really need to cum, I was ready to explode both ways as usually with her. The thing is that I felt my cock throbbing at the same time in reality and I was really hard and separate at the same time.

After her doing her magic I tried to push really hard. In my dream and I managed to soak as both. The strange thing is that the same happened in reality. I felt the same sensation as when I try to pee with a rock hard cock in reality, probably because that was exactly what I ve been doing.

I almost immediately woke up in the middle of the night with my boxers and my PJs bottom drenched in pee and extremely horny. It took me some seconds to realize what was going on still leaking in my boxers almost uncontrollably.

When I got fully awake I quickly inspected the bed for stains, thank God it was still almost totally dry and then I layed back in my soaked underwear right next to my girl who was fast asleep not having a clue and started thinking about my dream and what was really happening right then and there.

I really couldn't resist the urge to jerk off really hard and have one of the most intense orgasms of my life in that bed. I felt so dirty and naughty doing that and really excited that I was fulfilling one of my biggest fantasies almost involuntarily.

The fact that I was right next to her, the thought of getting caught in the act really pissed and cumming in my boxers made my heart race so hard I came in seconds. I was almost wishing for her to catch me and touch me right then.

After that I had a hot shower in the middle of the night I got dressed again tossed my pissy clothes int the laundry basket and went back to sleep. My boxers are still dripping as I type this with a fair scent of cum. Thank God she didn't check the basket yet....

So I hope you all enjoy my first story and I want to address my special thanks to that naughty dirty young lady that's been the inspiration of all these!

