Being an Ultrasound practice patient (full bladder all the time)

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-11-06 21:22

Today I got an ultrasound (it was routine, I 'm all good 🙂 ) and had to hold a bursting bladder for a couple hours. I was asked to fill up gradually with a litre of water 2 hours before the actual test, to ensure my bladder would be holding the full volume by the time I got there. Then I had to drive (about 25 min), wait in the waiting room (another 30-40 min), wait for the tech to come in and then sit through the actual test (another 20 min), which involved them massaging my aching bladder with the cold wand.

Although I was absolutely desperate, I thoroughly enjoyed this, of course. In fact, I had fun with my bulging bladder for several more hours, running errands and downing a medium coffee until I felt myself start to leak. Once I could feel just a little wetness on the outside of my pants, but nothing really visible, I drove home to continue holding until the leaks got more frequent. I held on, potty dancing through the warm spurts, until it naturally flowed out into my cozy sweat pants and made a nice puddle at my feet.

The whole experience got my imagination going: I have a friend who is a practice patient as a side job, she gets paid a few hours a week to be examined/feign symptoms for health professionals who are learning basically. So it got me wondering if such a thing exists for ultrasound techs who are learning? Imagine having to hold a full bladder for one ultrasound after another, while your bladder is prodded by the ultrasound wand and cold gel. It got me curious how many people here would jump at such an opportunity, if they were presented with one. Maybe I should write a story on it?

P.S. This is not meant to in any way diminish the hard work of medical professionals or training they go through, just a girl who likes to hold her pee, dreaming of scenarios to hold it 🙂

*004*2022-11-07 19:40

{{20 hours ago, wetting_fan said:

I wonder how many other women have enjoyed the lead up to those types of procedures, maybe it even showed them a new interest? 😅

}}

{{12 hours ago, islandlife said:

Makes me wonder what the "moment" people realize they're into it is

}}

This didn't even occur to me! Makes you wonder.

For me I realized as a little kid, like way before I had any concept of sexuality or finding PEOPLE attractive I knew that holding my pee felt good and the idea of peeing my pants was enticing, probably because I knew that was something I was told not to do. I don't know if thats common with people into this? I have no idea why it developed in me but it certainly seems a very ingrained aspect of my sexuality.

On a random note anyone know how to change the title of a post? I feel like this one is very wordy lol

*013*2022-11-20 07:59

{{13 hours ago, DesperateToes said:

Thats awesome! would love to see you post a story of this if you'd be willing 🙂

Thats awesome! would love to see you post a story of this if you'd be willing 🙂

}}

Yes I second this!

