Wet summer holydays (diapers, laugh wettings and more) - CONTAINS NUDITY

Author: Wet&Cats

*000*2021-09-12 13:31

Hi wet friends!

After a period of silence here we are to tell a little 'accidents, adventures and experiments made by me and my girlfriend during a week's vacation at sea.

Already during the outward journey (more than 5 hours by bus!) we had to pee and neither of us wanted to use the horrible bathroom of the bus, sometimes we both checked the situation by touching each other's crotch or discreetly putting a hand in each other's pants.

Halfway through the trip Miriam's panties were no longer so dry, she wasn't wearing any protection and they were pleasantly scented with pee, while as for me I got a little wet in the effort to pull my backpack down from the bus hat rack.

When we got home with our panties quite wet we were so tired and after smelling (and tasting) each other's briefs we took a shower together peeing on each other before turning on the water.

As soon as we started unpacking I discovered that Miriam had given me a surprise: while I was helping her unpack I noticed something soft and bulky and after opening the compartment I discovered it was a pack of diapers!

Neither of us had ever really tried a diaper, we had always used tampons, panty liners or just toilet paper in our "creative pee-pee"; seeing that package excited me so much and Miriam smiled at me. we were both tired and decided to use them the next day.

The next day, while we were in the bathroom (when we can we always go to the bathroom together, neither of us is ashamed of anything anymore) and we were getting ready to go to the beach, after Miriam had peed in the toilet, I sat down and peed, while I was getting up I hit my head on a piece of furniture and Miriam burst out laughing and immediately put her hand between her legs and said: "I peed myself laughing even though my bladder was theoretically empty", of course I immediately went to check and the costume in that area was quite wet, after tasting her pee I hugged my sweet Miriam laughing.

Later, while we were walking to the sea I decided to pee my pants a little at a time and I arrived at the beach with my costume pretty wet hahahah and of course Miriam was happy to find out what I had done!

The next day, after we had breakfast and after we put on our swimsuits for the beach Miriam looks at me and says "I have to pee, but I want to do it in the backyard"; at that point we went outside, Miriam went to a corner of the yard where there was a small drain, she squatted down, moved her bathing suit uncovering her hairy pussy and started to pee, once she was done she dried herself with a handkerchief and stood up again (her pussy smelled really good) and I was so excited! (find the video at the bottom)

The same evening we decided to finally try the diapers, we put them on and miriam super cute with her soft diaper on, she looked at me and said "can I pee?", I agreed and she squatted down starting to fill her diaper with warm pee, when she was done I touched her crotch and it was warm, the diaper had become heavy, I was amazed to stick my hand in the diaper and find it practically dry, I think that's an indication of quality!

Now it was my turn: I put on a diaper but I couldn't pee since the friend between my legs was hard, I tried to concentrate and I bent down almost to squat and finally managed to make a splash of pee but it dripped partially down my leg since the diaper wasn't tight because of the erection. So I ran into the shower and with a little concentration I was able to fill my diaper with pee (I peed more than Miriam), then we swapped diapers and enjoyed each other's pee.

Over the next few days we enjoyed more pissing and wetting experiences , it was just a happy wet vacation

We hope you enjoyed our wet adventures and we hope you enjoy the video! We are not yet equipped to make custom videos but in the future we think we will make some so feel free to write here or in private for any requests and advice

Bye from Andrea and Miriam

%outside-pee .mp4

