I just wet the bed

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-08-11 01:22

My baby has been growing teeth for the last couple of months. So she doesn't sleep at night all that much now. But at least the Olympics are on at the moment. Go Aussies :p

Last night was a particularly bad night. She finally let me put her down a bit after four in the morning. Because I didn't want to risk waking her up by changing into my pajamas I just went to bed in my clothes. I've done that quite a bit lately... Black skirt with roses on it, black knickers, light green T-shirt that belongs to my husband who got it free at some industry convention.

Before I went to sleep I remember thinking that I hadn't peed for a while and probably should before I fell asleep. But I was really tired, didn't want to wake baby by getting back up, and didn't actually need to go anyway; so I just went to sleep.

I vaguely remember my husband getting up a few hours later and then kissing me goodbye before he left for work. I'm pretty sure that happened.

The next thing after that I remember was realizing that I was peeing, but not really identifying that that was a problem for a good few seconds. By the time my brain caught up to the point of putting things together and noticing that peeing in bed wasn't a good thing at all it was already way too late and I was pretty much finished.

I briefly considered just going back to sleep because I was still completely exhausted, but I didn't, because that would be a bad idea. If I did that I'd only wake up when baby woke up and then I'd have to deal with her screaming for food whilst I tried to clean myself up well enough to feed her. I wouldn't be able to have a shower so I'd smell like wee when husband came home, and forget about going out for any reason. So I did the sensible thing and got up straight away to put my clothes and bedding in the washer. I managed to get half way through washing my hair before baby woke up.

*002*2016-08-11 03:39

I haven't decided whether to mention it. Probably not, but possibly if I feel like whinging tonight I might add it to the litany. :p

*005*2016-08-12 13:13

{{On 8/11/2016 at 2:30 PM, Donuts are omo said:

Having a bed wetting accident is one of the greatest feelings to have!

}}

I've always liked the fantasy of it more than the reality to be honest. :)

{{9 hours ago, gobphus said:

Katy, I agree with Donuts that wetting the bed can be a great feeling. I personally love to wake up while wetting, as you did. I realize that in the end you paid the price for wetting your bed, but I wonder whether those "good few seconds" were in fact "good," i.e., did you enjoy the experience before you realized the problem you faced?

}}

I was pretty out of it. If I hadn't been so tired I'd probably have enjoyed it more. At the time I was mostly just thinking "Really! I could be asleep right now!".

*008*2016-08-14 23:26

{{On 8/14/2016 at 2:09 AM, dampknickers said:

I never woke up as I started wetting. With me its more That I sometimes procrastinate getting up and often give in to the temptation of just wetting the bed. Its not that big of an issue because my girlfriend is prone to an occasional accident so we have a plastic sheet on the bed anyway. I think we both get a little lax with pants wetting sometimes, but its nice having that option !

}}

That would be nice! I've never lived either alone or with a partner where random bed wetting would be cool. I've certainly considered giving into that very temptation; but, you know, not worth the grief.

