Wetting while gaming

Author: wolfman85

*000*2020-12-03 15:31

So, it has been a long time since I've posted here, and also a long time since i've indulged in this kink.

My reason being that during lockdown, i've just been at home all the time, and it's not as fun to do it when I have no good reason to not just get up and go, so today I made myself a challenge.

I was playing a game of Age of Empires 2 (Definitive Edition) with a friend. We often play comp-stomps together, and this morning we had 2 defeats in a row, due to patches that increased the quality of the AI. We were both frustrated.

Now, my best friend that I play this with is one of only two people in the world (other than all of you) that know of my proclivity for this, so after the second defeat, we broke for lunch. I messaged her to say I was going to make it more fun by not going to the toilet until we win a game. I was already on a 5/10 before that post-lunch game began, and I had a fresh cup of tea on my desk.

Being pretty sure I wouldn't make it to the end of the game, I had a plastic bag and towel on my chair underneath me, because I didn't want to ruin my chair, or not be able to use it for the rest of the day. I apologise for those of you that don't know the game, but for the purposes of pacing this post, I will include some details of it.

So, the game began. The two of us allied together, vs 6 AI opponents, none of which were allied. Game speed was on Casual. We were lucky, the map was laid out to give us a perfectly defensive position, which we made full use of, building walls and castles along the space we needed it.

For those that know the game, I built up 3 castles to defend a short stretch, making it virtually impenetrable unless they got heavy siege in. By this point in the game, I was up to an 8/10, and my cup of tea had been finished. I had begun building up an army, but my resources weren't coming in as fast as I wanted it to, even though I had 50 villagers collecting. At this point, the AI did make a small attack run, if it were a human player, I would have called it a speculative attack, but it did contain a few battering rams, which for those that don't know, can withstand a fairly high number of arrows from castles, and do hideous damage to walls.

I was focusing so much on this little skirmish, that before i had even gone up to Imperial age, I was on a 9.5/10, and really feeling it. My ability to hold it was waning, and i felt a squirt. I'd like to point out at this time that my bladder muscles are hideously strong, and I have *never* lost control fully. I've always just decided that going any further might cause damage, and so i've let go. But this time it was different. That squirt was the beginning of the end. I was holding in pulses, which was enough to keep it under control and prevent an explosion just long enough for me to press the button to Imp. Before that had completed, it was openly flowing, and I even felt the muscles tighten involuntarily, forcing it out into my boxers and trousers. I said nothing through all this time.

As soon as I had imp'd, i upgraded to elite cataphracts, and queued up the imperial tech I had available, and started building an army designed for offense. The AI were not set to very difficult, so with our two armies, we chomped through most of them.

We got all the way to two enemies left, before my friend started building a Wonder. Not because we needed it to win, but because we both had tonnes of resources spare, and there's an achievement for number of wonders built. For those who don't know, a Wonder is an automatic win if you complete it, and keep it standing for a number of in-game years, which is a reasonable amount of time.

Then we killed the penultimate enemy, and as we were ready to charge into the last one, my friend said "Hold up, I want to finish building my wonder." At this point, my ability to hold was completely gone, and I added more wetness to my trousers.

I do not know if that was said because she wanted to get more progress towards the achievement, or because it would delay our victory, and as I'd said in my original message, my self-set challenge was to last until we had won a match. At this point, I had said nothing about the fact I was already soaking wet.

Now, she knows that I love her, and as one of very few people who knows about my kink, in the past she has definitely teased me about it, given me challenges, and even at some times made it harder for me to hold it through various things. This makes me suspect she was trying to delay the battle for my benefit. Once we had finally won, she asked if I wanted another game! There is no chance this wasn't to give me a harder challenge...

So, since you might read this, especially given i'm going to tell you this post exists... You are the most awesome person in the entire world.

Spoiler

Is it wrong that I'd be quite happy to go out on a long walk with you of an evening, shortly after finishing a large quantity of drinks, and not care if I don't make it all the way around? I so want to do this AoE challenge again in future. it is 200% more fun to actually have a reason to not go find a bathroom.

*002*2020-12-05 11:10

Yeah, i can understand that. Everyone's reason for being part of this community is different, and cleaning up the mess is part of what makes it harder to do all the time.

Some people love the process from start to finish, some people just enjoy the end product. Some people enjoy doing it themselves, while others enjoy seeing it with others. All of them are perfectly valid, and none are more right than another.

I like the process. But likewise, i don't get much enjoyment out of just choosing not to go to the toilet. If i'm just chilling at home, I get very little out of it, which is why this is the first time in 2020 i've done it.

In previous years, i've done things like... not using the toilet on the way out of the cinema, meaning the drinks i have during a film build up, and i know my ability to hold is pretty much guaranteed to make it to the end of a film.

I mean, don't get me wrong... I could have just paused the game, said "brb" to my friend and been back a minute or so later. I daresay that means it wasn't as enjoyable as it could have been, and I'm looking for ways to make it happen.

This time it was special, because i've lost size and weight over the past year by joining an exercise group. Last year, while sat on a chair, or in the car, pressure was put on various parts of my body that meant I don't think I could pee even if i wanted to while sat down. This time though, that wasn't an issue, so I think i've lost fat in certain areas that mean that pressure is no longer there, allowing me to not need to be stood up. This opens a whole new world for me.

*003*2020-12-10 09:43

I may well have another chance to do this next week!

Looking forward to it

I can't really go for "until we win" though, because I daresay we will play slightly easier games because we like to win. I'm going to have to come up with another target...

