Blue jeans

Author: wetskipants

*000*2022-05-03 12:14

For some reason, no particular reason, I haven't had a pair of blue jeans since my early 20s. Black jeans, yes, but blue, no.

For several years I have seen video after video of blue jeans turning a much darker blue, as rivers of pee snake down from the crotch ... but I have never quite got the fascination so many omo lovers have for peeing in blue jeans.

Until today. My beautiful wife recently bought me a pair because she likes how they look and today I had the house to myself and the chance to see what all the fuss is about.

And I get it. I love the way the denim soaks up so much, adding weight to the beautiful warmth and wetness. I love the way the trail of wetness is so obviously visible.

I could have stayed in those jeans for ages, soaking up the sensation but unfortunately the window of opportunity was not long.

One thing's for sure: this won't be my last time in wet blue jeans.

MOV_0248~2.mp4

*003*2022-05-03 12:57

{{19 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

If only you had shown your underwear at the end!! 😀

}}

Aaaah, didn't think of that. Next time. They were dark grey stripes, not the best for showing off wetness. Actually, they might have been the ones in my profile pic!

{{11 minutes ago, Tellnoone said:

Welcome to the club! 😊

}}

Thanks for having me. Look forward to plenty of good wet times 😉

*006*2022-05-04 03:44

{{8 hours ago, scinosensation said:

If only you had turned around to show your butt!

}}

Don't think there was much wetness to see from behind, to be honest.

{{6 hours ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Personally I think it’s perfect just as it is …I’m a fan of people sharing exactly what they feel like. I guess the only thing I think is a shame is that you’ve gone 20 years without experiencing the joy that is wet blue jeans😘 glad you enjoyed it!

Love the way the wetness spread and darkened. Beautiful video, so freaking hot😍

}}

Better late than never, right? Glad you enjoyed it.

{{47 minutes ago, HissGenerator said:

It’s even better when the jeans are skintight because, depending on how you release, you get a specific kind of flow. If you tuck yourself back and keeping it in place, then forcefully gush, the soaking is absolutely phenomenal because the build up of pee is so swift and profuse that the tight fabric of jeans is capable of forcing the flow up one’s buttcrack and then it spills out of the crack mouth and over the butt cheeks, downwards.

For me, seeing that glistening line of piss emerge out from the taint and travel up a wedgied buttcrack floors me. There’s something about feeling the hot warmth perfectly filling all the butt crevices that just gets me, especially when you feel it in your butthole; it’s just mm 🤌.

If you don’t force it, but keep yourself tucked back, you fold the urethra at the shaft, so when you release you actually feel pee travel down the urethra but sort of halt and leak/dribble out, and believe me, the intensity you feel is fuckin’ nuts, so much so that it’s hard not to make your eyes water or the hairs on the back of your head stand. The tension often builds so much, because the release is literally at the brink being held back by a mere fold, that your bladder uncontrollably contracts, causing you to squirt — Ugh, I can go on and on about skintight jeans..

}}

Wow, you're clearly well-versed in the ways of jeans wettings. Not sure I have the figure to pull off skin-tight jeans.

