Didn’t quite go as planned

Author: Wetgurl

*000*2018-08-24 22:00

Hi there. I’m a long time lurker, and I’ve finally gathered up the courage to create an account and post something - hopefully the first of many things. This happened a few days ago:

I was spending the morning shopping with friends at an outdoor mall, and after two large coffees, was finding it increasingly difficult to browse due to my rapidly overfilling bladder. I loathe public restrooms, and typically I can hold for hours, but for some reason I was especially desperate on this day.

As we wandered from store to store, my bladder began to go from being pleasantly full (a feeling I really enjoy) to painful and difficult to hold. I was constantly squeezing my muscles, and sneaking a crotch grab whenever I thought I could get away with it.

We planned to visit a couple more clothing shops and then stop for lunch, but at the slow rate my friends were browsing I didn’t think I was going to last what I assumed would be another hour. We left one store, and as we walked into the next, I lost a spurt into my panties. It only lasted a second, but it wetted my panties and a small trickle went down my inner thigh (I was wearing very short denim shorts).

Panicking, I told my friends I was going to run to the restroom and I’d met up with them in a few minutes. I walked outside and realized that I had absolutely no idea where the closest restroom was, and because part of the mall was under construction, I assumed the closest one wasn’t very close.

I began walking rather quickly, but a couple of more stores down the mall and my bladder spasmed again. I lost another spurt into my panties, and another few drops made it down my leg again. For some reason, I immediately sat down on the edge of a raised landscaped planter bed. I guess my body assumed it would be easier to hold sitting down, and it really was for a minute. But I still didn’t know where the bathroom was and I knew that as soon as I stood up, I was going to pee my pants. So, because I was wearing tiny shorts, I got this crazy idea that I could lean my butt back into the landscaping and pull my shorts to the side so I could pee there. There were some taller shrubs and not a lot of people around, so I doubted I’d be seen

So, that is exactly what I did. Immediately, I leaned my butt back, pulled my shorts to the side and I started to pee. Really, I was peeing before my shorts got pulled to the side, because most of the pee went into my shorts anyway. I realized I was peeing my pants and by the time I was able to stop, I was soaked. But weirdly, it was up the pocket and all over my right side, probably because I was leaning back. The crotch was mostly dry. At least I had let out enough that I was able to make it to the bathroom and finish in the toilet. Luckily, my shorts weren’t too obvious either. I don’t think anyone could tell that I peed them.

*004*2018-10-10 23:33

The restroom was a few stores away. Maybe a 2 or 3 minute walk. I stayed in my wet clothes until after lunch because I didn’t want to miss out on lunch with my friends. It was a warm day though, and I dried quickly. I really wasn’t “wet” too long.

*007*2018-10-18 21:03

{{On 10/17/2018 at 11:14 AM, AlmostWet said:

If you find yourself in the same situation again and know you will end up wet if you don't use the public bathroom would you be willing to use the public bathroom or just hold on as long as you can and have an accident?

}}

Honestly, I have an extremely large bladder and usually have no problem holding. It’s very rare for me to have an issue like this where I accidentally leak or wet. I’m not sure why I was so desperate this particular day.

