After-effects part 2!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-07-29 16:46

Day after update: I did a pretty insane rapid desperation hold yesterday - I held 1400 ml on an already 4/5 out of 10 bladder. Peed my pants, peed in the shower after, had 2 more accidents, and then wet the bed (awake) three times. All accidents!

I woke up to pee every 3 hours during the night, which is crazy for me because I NEVER have to get up to pee at night.

I leaked in my pj shorts a little one of the times on my way to the bathroom

When I woke up I noticed my bladder and pelvic floor are actually sore, which I'm a little worried about, cuz that's never happened too me before, but hopefully if I just go whenever I need to today and don't hold it I'll be good tomorrow.

I also feel like I'm at a constant 3/4 out of 10 even when I've just peed , and I'll leak with certain movements even when my bladder's barely full. Those parts I'm certainly enjoying for now 🙂 I'm feeling a bit dehydrated so I think I''m gonna get a glass of water, but I'm not trying to get desperate again, so I'm probably going to be racing to the bathroom and leaking like a faucet soon haha.

@FemDespLover94

I can't wait to hear how you're holding up today (or not holding lol)

*001*2022-07-29 17:42

Anything I should try wearing while I'm leaking around the house today? It's morning where I am so I'm still in pj shorts but I could change into mid-thigh fabric shorts, some joggers that are pretty waterproof, or a dress (I'll just have to be careful to make it to the shower or a hard floor when I'm gonna leak because my underwear won't absorb much)

*003*2022-07-29 17:49

{{2 minutes ago, nappypants said:

Got any adult pull-ups or similar?

}}

No, I've thought it would be cool to try a diaper but I don't know where I would throw it out that my roomates wouldn't see or smell it in the trash. Thankfully I'm a woman and incontinence pads aren't much thicker than maxi pads for periods so I can throw them in the trash next to the toilet and no one will question it.

*006*2022-07-30 03:42

{{16 minutes ago, Pee princess1 said:

I like the idea of a dress and if u don’t want it leaking on to your floor u should wear pantyhose

}}

Haha I don't have any. My sense of style isn't super feminine, although I do have one or two dresses I like

*007*2022-07-30 03:48

Check out the Rapid Desperation round 2 - Page 2 - Live action omorashi - OmoOrg thread (last couple pages) for the rest of my posts about my leaky morning and afternoon. My control got pretty much back to normal by early evening, but I definitely felt the after effects for the first 3/4 of the day.

*008*2022-07-30 04:16

Here's a summary of how the rest of my day went:

I dribbled on my way upstairs after using the toilet, which was unexpected, since I had just peed.

Halfway through my work day I decided to challenge myself to make it through the rest of my work day without leaking, I was still gonna let myself use the toilet but not before I was at least a 4/10, just enough to put me in danger with how weak I was today.

The next time I tried to use the toilet, I started to release a few drops when I was right in front of it, I was so close! I sat down and peed and then decided, fuck it, my shorts are already damp so I pulled them back up and finished peeing into them. I rehydrated and kept working.

A little later in the day I decided to blow dry the blue panties from my first wetting and put them back on, still very slightly damp, along with a dry pair of shorts that really show wetness. I had a medium sized mug of coffee and that's when shit hit the fan...

I started to feel the coffee hitting my bladder pretty fast, and the urge felt SO nice, I didn't want to let it go, even though I had told myself I wasn't holding today. I decided to slowly let my bladder fill up, and made it to a 6/10 with no leaks. At 7/10 I was squirming in my chair on a zoom call, but I was determined to let my bladder get a little fuller. I managed to get to an 8 before I had any leaks, and then decided to flood my shorts on purpose, but I had to run downstairs to the shower while spurting! I managed to get there without fully losing control though, which I was pretty proud of after the events of yesterday.

My control felt basically back to normal after that, although I had a small leak when I got home late this evening after drinking a lot of water at a sports practice.

*010*2022-07-30 20:21

{{8 hours ago, Pee princess1 said:

You could wear leggings under a dress then I do that sometimes works just like pantyhose and keeps the floor dry

}}

That's a good idea! Depends how much you pee though if the floor stays dry LOL

Thankfully my place has all hard floors so if I'm home alone or in my room I can make puddles and clean them up easily

