When guys can pee but women cant!

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2024-02-24 14:11

Ok, so I think I am a bit overdue for another story to post! I am also recovering from a hangover so bare with me while I type this! sorry for the wall of text as well!

So this was years ago in my early 20's. after college but still in the "go out with all my friends from college" days. We had a (male) friend in our friend group that lived like two blocks away from alot of the bars we used to go to, so we would usually start or end our nights there!

One night we all go out like we normally do, the plan was to meet up at the bar and then afterword's migrate to his house. I am going to fast forward through the bar part, of course drinking was involved and alot of us had to pee but since it was so close. We all walk back the two blocks from the bar to his house/apartment. And a little bit about how it was set up was you had to go in through the back with the stairs on the outside (think like the fire escapes in new york, but made out of wood and stairs and not ladders)

Anyway, we get back, the apartment is locked of course but in our drunken stuber walking back we realized, WE LOST OUR FRIEND (WHO LIVED THERE!) , AND HIS GIRLFRIEND, AND HER FRIEND! so now there is 5 of us (me and another girl plus 3 guys) stuck outside, locked out! and everyone in the group had a full bladder!

So one of the guys called him to find out where he was, I am not sure what was said on the phone but he was quite annoyed and said to one of the other guys: "yeah he said he will be here"

"do you know how long?"

"i dont know man he's hammered and couldn't comprehend that we are stuck outside his place"

"moron"

So we wait, the three guys are standing at the top of the balcony while me and my (girl) friend sat down on the stairs to talk. but thats when they did the unthinkable and we heard.

"I have to fucking pee, im not waiting for him" and they turn around. 3 feet away from us at most and literally start peeing!!!

Now I have a feeling that the guys on here wont see a problem with this and the ladies on here are getting angry reading this! because we very much were!!!

But my poor poor friend, well she HAD to go bad. As soon as she heard 3 men peeing I saw her eyes start to well up like she was about to cry and she turned herself into a pretzel. She looked at me and asked "do you think its ok to pop a squat" I replied "do you want to??"

And how she responded broke my heart because she said "no.." and started to cry a little!! so now I have to go into mom mode, ignore my own bladder to help her out!

Lucky for us our drunk friend stumbled back a couple mins later to unlock the apartment for us! now what happened next I couldnt make up if I wanted to! One of the guys who peed near us called out to him and said "about fucking time you showed up I need to pee again!!"

This guy was literally going to try to use the bathroom, after peeing outside while we havent gone yet at all!. I still remember to this day that when my friend heard this, that woman shot the most angry look I have ever seen her make in my life to him and when the door was unlocked she RAN past him and into the bathroom. Of course I was right behind her, I wasn't going to let him go again before I get a chance!! The other two ladies that showed up were not far behind either! The rest is not too eventful but we got to hear him complain from the kitchen about how he had to pee while we were in the other room waiting for our turn to go. Probably the only time I/we have ever gotten a man to hold it lol.

But anyway, this was probably reading like a ramble so Im happy to clear anything up. but moral of the story. Men, please dont pee outside around us if we cant go. Thank you.

