Wet my school uniform

Author: wetchris

*000*2018-03-19 16:54

The recent stories of people wetting themselves when they were school age reminded me of an incident that happened when I was about 13.

My school had won an athletics cup the previous year and it needed to be returned to another school which required as bus ride and a 20 minute walk.

I was happy to oblige as it meant getting out of lessons and maybe getting home early.

Unfortunately I had difficulty finding the school and by the time I got there I was already needing the toilet but not that desperate.

I found a lad who directed me to the school office where I was given a receipt for the cup but despite looking on the way and on my way back to the main gates I couldn't see the boys toilets anywhere. And despite passing a few people, like a lot of boys of that age I was shy about asking.

By the time I arrived back at the bus stop I was now desperate to the extent that it was difficult to stand still and I had placed a hand in my trouser pocket under my raincoat to give myself that reassuring squeeze that always seemed to help. I was also concerned because my trousers were almost new having recently become a "big boy" and discarded the short trousers I had become accustomed to. This was the 1960s in England.

My plight wasn't helped by the fact that the first bus that came along was full up and just drifted by. I was now sweating and could feel my pulse in my head. I had wet myself when I was younger and although I was still a bed wetter I hadn't had a daytime accident for a couple of years. I was a "big boy" now!

Eventually the right bus came along but as I stepped up to get on the platform I felt a dribble of pee go into my white cotton pants. Every boy in England at that time has white cotton underwear. Either the briefs with a y-front opening or trunks that were like the modern boxer shorts but very loose and flappy. I wore the latter at that time.

I couldn't get a seat and I was forced to stand in the aisle in full view of so many people. So I couldn't squeeze myself as it would draw immediate attention to my plight.

And then it happened. First another burst into my trunks followed a few seconds later by a trickle down my leg and then I just lost control and there was not stopping the flood. I was close to tears but managed not to bawl my eyes out!

I could feel my underwear clinging to my leg and then was aware of the piss soaking into my trouser leg and running down my socks onto my shoes. I think that because it was so crowded I got away with the accident being witnessed.

I had a very wet and cold walk home and then had to suffer the wrath of my mother who scalded me for not being more careful.

