I had 2 uncontrollable wettings the other night(Male)(pics of wet clothes)

Author: wko86

*000*2016-06-20 00:13

I had the house to myself on Wednesday night, and so I decided to indulge in some pee holding. Normally, when I do this, I use the rapid desperation technique. But then I keep drinking, and keep holding again after I pee. I can usually put myself in a desperate situation every hour or so. However, it is rare that I have a truly uncontrollable wetting.

My first hold followed the usual routine. I held until I was in agony, but then finally gave in and peed in a Gatorade bottle. The amount was pretty close to my usual capacity, about 32 fl oz. The second hold was very similar to the first one.

By the third hold, my muscles were starting to get tired. I turned on my Xbox and started playing Rock Band. I often use this game while holding for a few reasons. One reason is that it acts as a distraction so that time seems to pass quicker, another reason is that I am prevented from grabbing my crotch while playing the plastic guitar, and the final reason is to use songs as personal challenges(Come on, Will, you can hold it for one more song!). By about 45 minutes from my last pee, I was downright frantic. I was dancing around like crazy(and not dancing to the music). I don't remember the song I was playing, but I remember the moment when the urge to pee suddenly skyrocketed.

It was like jumping from a 9 to a 14. A long jet of pee started coming out. I frantically whipped the guitar strap off of my shoulders and threw the controller on the bed. I hurried to the bathroom. I had managed to stop the flow by the time I got into the bathroom and began fumbling with my pants button and zipper. I could already tell that the wetness had soaked the pants down to my knees. I really did want to finish peeing in the toilet. As I was fumbling with my pants, the flow started again and I couldn't stop it. I gave up on trying to undo my pants and stepped into the shower. I completely drenched those pants.

$$

I put on clean clothes, continued to drink, and prepared myself for another hold. However, when the urge to pee began to hit, it actually became a bit painful. I decided to just go ahead and pee and take a short break from holding. So I simply went to pee whenever the urge hit for the next 45 minutes before starting another hold.

Once I had to pee again, I resumed my Rock Band playing. As per usual, it took about 45 minutes to become completely frantic. I picked one of the longer Iron Maiden songs because Iron Maiden always seems to do me in. This time, with how exhausted my muscles were, the need to pee hit me like a ton of bricks. I made the mistake of thinking I could relax my muscles for a moment, and then hold again before the pee actually came out. It worked, for a moment, but it didn't last long. 

After I clenched everything back up, a wave of desperation hit me so hard that I stood no chance of holding back. The pee started coming out again whether I liked it or not. Just as before, I threw down the guitar controller and raced for the bathroom. Unlike last time, I couldn't stop the flow by clenching my holding muscles. I had to use my hand and squeeze my dick to keep from leaving a trail of urine all the way to the bathroom(I was wearing shorts this time, so there was less fabric to absorb everything). I stood in the shower again and gasped at how great the relief felt. If you could have seen my face, you would have probably thought I was having an orgasm or something.

$$

