The time I wet the bed at Uni!

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-06-09 07:22

I've been meaning to share this bedwetting experience for a while, it happened when I was at Uni about 8 years ago.

I woke to warmth.

Not comfort warmth. Not duvet wrapped or sun on skin warmth.

No this was wrong. Creeping, spreading, low in my belly and down my thighs. I was remember I was still half-dreaming about lying in the shallow sea on a sunny beach when I blinked and remembered where I was.

My room.

My bed.

A dull throb in my skull.

Oh God.

The realisation hit like a slap. I jerked my hips instinctively, but it was too late. The warmth was me. Spreading from me. Still happening.

The liquid heat pooled beneath me, soaking into my jeans, my sheets, the mattress, everything.

Panic lit up behind my eyes. I gasped, but my body felt like concrete. Head spinning. Limbs limp. I couldn’t move. Couldn’t do anything but lie there stunned and drunk and drowning in shame.

And then... I passed out again.

Out cold.

The second time I woke, the light had changed.

Pale and grey November drizzle, filtering through the dirty window, cutting through the stink of vodka sweat and something far worse.

My mouth was dry. My tongue felt like it had grown fur.

I sat up slowly and reality congealed around me.

The bed. My jeans. The sour stench. I was still soaked. Cold now. The earlier warmth had curdled into something sticky and revolting.

The damp denim clung to my thighs, my hips, like punishment. My duvet was bunched around my waist, half-covered in it.

The fitted sheet beneath me was stained dark. My pillow had somehow ended up under my knees.

It was real.

I’d wet the bed.

Drunk.

At twenty years old.

In a six-person student house with housemates who didn't ever realize what a shut door meant.

I sat there for a while, stunned. Breathing shallow. My heart pounded in my throat.

The smell was awful, piss mixed with stale beer and Sambuca.

My top was twisted under my hoodie, my necklace had welded itself to my collarbone, and I could still taste sambuca.

I wanted to disappear.

But then like a cruel joke the door opened

“Ey up Kate?” Lucy’s voice. Chirpy. Friendly. Oblivious. “You alreet?”

Panic exploded in my chest. “Yeah! One sec!” I shrieked, scrambling to yank the duvet back up, praying it would hide the worst of the damage.

Lucy walked in with a bowl of cereal and her usual ease, flopping into my desk chair like we were about to relive the night together, frame by humiliating frame.

“You look dead,” she said, grinning.

“I feel like I was buried alive,” I muttered, not daring to move an inch. The duvet was clamped tight under my arms. My legs were locked together beneath it, soaked and freezing.

She started chatting. Just… talking. About the night. The guy in the gold jacket,the chips and me trying to dance on a bench.

I nodded, laughed when I was supposed to. But I couldn’t think straight. I could feel it. Still damp, still cold, soaking into my mattress like rot. I was stuck in it. Trapped. And she just kept talking.

Minutes ticked by like hours. My skin prickled. The smell hadn’t gone away.

What if she smelled it?

What if she already had?

She tilted her head. “Are you just… sleeping in your clothes?”

I froze.

“Too tired to change,” I mumbled.

A pause.

“You okay?”

“Yeah,” I said too quickly. “Just hungover.”

She didn’t press. Just stretched, said something about coffee, and wandered back out with her bowl.

The moment she left, I burst into action. My duvet flew off, revealing the soaked jeans, the stained sheet, the mattress that would never be the same again. I slammed the door shut and stripped fast.

My clothes landed with a splat on the cheap laminate floor.

The rest was a blur of panic.

Sheets into bin bags. Mattress blotted with towels and every cleaning spray I owned.

Febreze until the air was choking. I turned the mattress. Lit a candle. Opened the window.

The washing machine was full of course. Wet clothes sitting in the drum like a smug, moldy blockade.

So I waited. Hiding my shame in a black bin bag.

It took all day. I washed everything twice. Scrubbed the mattress until my hands were raw. Used up every drop of spray and scented detergent I had.

And still even after I’d flipped it, dried it, covered it in fresh sheets I knew. It was there. A secret, soaked deep into the foam, into the very bones of my room.

Lucy never asked. Never said a word.

But part of me thinks she knew.

And chose not to say it.

