Intentional Hold, Unintentional Wetting

Author: wetvitaly

*000*2018-07-28 06:58

Alright so I’m writing this sitting in a puddle. I’ve been laying down playing video games all night and ended up having a cup of coffee and a glass of water. I felt my bladder filling up and decided to hold it for a bit since I was feeling in the mood.

Well, things turned on me pretty fast. I sat up to take a break from playing and my bladder was at a 9, aching bad. I didn’t leak when I stood up luckily, but I ignored the warning my bladder gave me and decided to go outside.

The second I sat down I felt like I was at a 10, and my pee was begging to come out. I could feel it at the end of my pee hole, but I decided not to try to run inside because I thought I could hold it while I smoke.

I lit my cigarette, and suddenly just started spurting, it was literally squirting out of my underwear in short streams. I heard the hissing and tried to hold on, panicking because I didn’t want my panties to get too wet. It was a failure though.

I took a deep breath and tried to keep holding at least long enough to stand up but it was no use, I couldn’t hold it anymore. I felt the spurts get longer and longer till my muscles gave out and it became one stream. I moaned as hot pee sprayed against my thighs through my panties, saturating my skirt and shoes. I was in so much bliss I couldn’t even move out of the way.

So now I’m sitting on the back step with saturated panties in a puddle writing this.

*003*2018-07-30 00:16

{{On 7/28/2018 at 10:06 AM, mastert said:

Great story, what sort of panties were you wearing? Did you keep them on for long?

}}

I was wearing satin panties with a lace wasteband. I kept them on for about 15 minutes because I didn’t want my skirt to get too wet. Thanks!

