My First Witnessed Accident... From over 20+ years ago

Author: willbill

*000*2021-11-04 12:12

I figure I'll share what was pretty much my first experiences I witnessed and was part of, which happened over twenty years ago during the course of a weekend.

In my early twenties, I lived in a house with three other guys, who similar to myself were either college dropouts or going to school part time, majoring in partying. One of my roommates, Shaun, had a girlfriend named Cassie, who would be over quite a bit, though they ended up splitting a few months in and her moving out of town close to an hour away. Cassie wasn't really my type for hanging out or having similar interests to conversate about, though she was 22, attractive, around 5'4" with blondish hair with a "fuller figured" look, as well as a small bladder where I witnessed her doing the pee pee dance on more than several occasions.

About a month and a half after they broke up, there was a wedding involving a couple from our larger social group, in which all of us were invited. The fact that Shaun was standing up in the wedding, he had a hotel room at the reception and was already seeing someone else, Cassie asked if she could stay at our house in town. With it being about 20 minutes away from the house and everyone being lushes, my other roommates got a hotel, however I was only very loosely associated to the couple getting married, so I really didn't have intention of getting trashed nor paying for an expensive hotel room. Cassie really wasn't on good terms with the other girls in the group at any point, let alone after being gone for 6 weeks, so I told her it was fine if she crashed on the couch or whatever if she ended up having a couple drinks or didn't want to drive back to where she lived at night.

Fast forward to that Saturday late afternoon, where I really didn't talk to her other than within the week regarding saying she could crash at the house if needed, where I was in the bathroom getting ready to go to the reception (everyone else was at the wedding ceremony itself, which I usually make up an excuse whenever possible to skip that part).

With the bathroom door half open due to nobody else home, I hear a random knock and our entry door open as I am just getting out of the shower. I hear Cassie yelling out "hello", to which I responded that I was in the bathroom getting ready, would be out shortly, and for her to make herself at home. Within 10-15 seconds though, I hear a sight knock on the bathroom door with her saying she had to pee really bad. I replied I would try to get out quick, to which she replied saying she didn't know how long she would be able to hold it and asking if she could come and not minding that I was in there. Like I would say no.

She darted in immediately and started doing a pee pee dance in front of the toilet, right in front of me almost, as she started unbuttoning the jeans she was wearing. Seeing her frantically struggling a bit to unbutton them while dancing in place, I asked if she was ok, to which she responded "I hope you don't get grossed out from seeing a girl piss her pants. I can't get these unbuttoned and its about to come out any second" as she stood there focusing completely on squirming around and trying to hold it.

All of a sudden she says "oh shit" and quickly unbuttons them and tugs her right jeans and the panties underneath down together over the course of a few seconds, right in front of me. To my sight, I couldn't do anything but stare with awe, her legs were slightly parted, where I saw everything... Pee leaking straight down non stop from her bare shaved pussy as her pants came down, along with a soaked spot in her panties as they came down, looking like she started peeing several seconds before getting them down and peeing for a good 15-20 seconds.

I was wearing a towel around my waist and that was it. As she finished, I knew I couldn't hide the fact of how much it turned me on, so I was forward with it immediately that seeing an attractive girl having to go that bad, trying to hold it and seeing it start coming out of her bare pussy was something beyond wow. She said she didn't have to worry about being embarrassed but didn't seem thrilled about having to change pants right away. Upon changing I apologized if it was weird or made her uncomfortable, but she responded with that she was a tad flattered that someone found it attractive instead of being turned off or grossed out as others have seen with some slight bladder issues she's always had to deal with.

Part 2 is for what happened later on, which I will continue in another post.

