Soaked Jeans & Panties

Author: Wettergirl

*000*2024-12-27 19:08

Disclaimer: This is a long one!

This morning was so special & I got to finally indulge in some pee play which has been hard to come by lately in my very busy lifestyle. I woke up with a very full bladder & the sun was just starting to peek out and so I decided to turn on a back porch light and have a little warm fun in the chilly air. I always start with just a quick spurt to warm my panties & a small spot on my jeans…&&

Then it seemed like I couldn’t hold it back and had a small stream steadily trickling out of me…&&

I crossed my legs a bit, and soon found that stream going from the front to comfortably pooling around the curves of my ass and then water falling down the backs of my legs (it’s one of my favorites)…&&

I had nearly half of my liquid still to be released, but I wasted no time and was soon unbuttoning and pulling down my leans around my thighs and watching the urine run right through the cotton fabric of my panties and gather in a yellowed puddle inside the top of my jeans…&&

Then I did something extra naughty and pulled my panties aside and spread my pussy lips to spray outside of my pants, and this unplanned part was one of my favorite new things that I tried, and will definitely be repeating (sorry but you’ll just have to make your own mental picture of that 😉)…I also replaced my panties & cupped my hand beneath my crotch and felt the warmth flowing out of me and through my hands.

Just when I felt like I had finished I felt another urge, so I buttoned back up and let it flow, soaking all the way to my ankles and beneath my feet.

Here’s the after effects and I’m pretty proud of my work this morning 😘&&

&&

&&

Full video I’m keeping to myself this time for me & my boo, but hope to film something a little less personal to post soon. This has given me new excitement for the kink we all share & can’t seem to take my mind away from it.

&&

&&

*003*2024-12-27 19:50

{{33 minutes ago, fredfredburger24 said:

You are an absolute treasure and incredibly fucking sexy!

If I may be a sonofabitch and inquire as to if you “let your garden grow” or “follow a scorched earth policy” to help me draw that mental image you mentioned?

}}

This is a fantasy, so however you’d prefer is what you should picture, the truth is reserved for select few 😘

*007*2024-12-28 02:18

Ok I’m so flattered & blushing over here about my mansion pussy conversation…I’ve been told recently that it’s perfection & exactly what my man wants, so that is good enough for me (as I don’t normally compare myself to others in that way) 😊

*013*2024-12-28 13:59

{{17 hours ago, Sirwetsalot said:

I'm just going to say that I've heard it's amazing, and I thought, I mean I heard, that the part where you pulled your panties to the side and sprayed was amazing.

I heard it still was no match for seeing you live completely without clothes, doing something naughty together with some really, really lucky guy.

I'm so glad I am...err....I know that guy.

❤️

Also, I've got a "long one" just for you. Sorry, had to baby girl

}}

To your “long one” comment…I really could have used it after how turned on I was from that wetting! 🥵

{{9 hours ago, wettingman said:

Wow OMG I love this . I really enjoy your highly descriptive writing about this sexy experience of you being unable to stop peeing in your pants outside is awesome . The series of progressive wetter jeans and panties along with your well written prose is exciting. Thank you for sharing your experience. I look forward to more from you. As far as the post being long ,that is what I look for. I love it

}}

Thank you! I’m not much of a creative writer, but wanted the reader to feel like they were there with me 😉

{{9 hours ago, fredfredburger24 said:

Have you had a real accident like this before because you were locked out or just couldn’t quite hold it long enough to get inside after a car trip or what have you?

}}

I can’t recall a real accident like this but I would love it to happen…once I let a little bit go, that’s when I lose control, but those first droplets are my decision.

*015*2024-12-28 14:43

{{7 minutes ago, Sirwetsalot said:

I'm sure we could arrange a scenario for this together.

}}

I’ll just be over here playing solo while I wait for you 😘

*017*2024-12-28 15:08

{{4 minutes ago, Sirwetsalot said:

That's nice to imagine baby girl, but I wouldn't exactly call what we did yesterday "solo" 😘.

}}

Okay okay, fair…but I want more, I want it all

*018*2024-12-28 16:14

{{10 minutes ago, fredfredburger24 said:

So I take it you’ve attempted to let a little go to relieve some pressure and couldn’t stop it? Hopefully that hasn’t been in public!

}}

Never in public, only in the safety of home, but perhaps while doing house chores that I can’t just walk away from to go use the bathroom…it’s happened more than once while washing dishes & the streaming water is so taunting

*019*2024-12-28 18:17

{{1 hour ago, fredfredburger24 said:

Did you completely finish or was able to stop it at all?

}}

Again, it’s your fantasy, so you get to decide 😉

*023*2024-12-28 23:59

{{4 hours ago, Codedog92 said:

Hopefully you can do more wettings

}}

I have a few free days coming up next week, so hopefully I can get the chance to have some more fun.

