An Amsterdam Morning

Author: Wet Shorts

*000*2016-10-09 00:23

Hello,

This is a mostly accurate of an incident from a holiday I took in Amsterdam a couple of weeks ago. The ending of the story's been changed for "artistic reasons", but the storyline up to that point is accurate (including the details). Hope you enjoy :).

As an unashamed stoner, I like to go to Amsterdam periodically and have a "blow out" for a few days. On a visit a few weeks ago, I woke up one morning at around 8 o'clock with a distinct but not overwhelming need to pee. Instead of heading to the toilet immediately, I decided to go and have some coffee and a joint beforehand. The apartment I'd rented was non-smoking, but there was a little balcony outside where it was OK so I made my coffee, rolled a J and went outside before lighting up and relaxing with my coffee. I was just wearing a dark T-shirt, some sandals and some mid brown "soft-touch" quick dry swimming shorts. I've removed the liners from the shorts so when I wet them I get the hot, silky wet outer clinging to my skin. After half an hour or so, I realised that I quite definitely needed to go. As it was still early, I decided to play a game with myself with a few very simple rules, the most important one being that I can't use the toilet.

I smoked another joint and made another cup of coffee before heading into the living room where I put some music on and lounged onto the sofa. I fell into a music-trance for a couple of hours before my bladder became too painful to ignore. To alleviate it, I started fidgeting then tried to return to the music. The need was too strong to get back into the music, so I settled for squirming around and jiggling my legs together before putting my hands in my pockets and pulling my shorts upwards to apply pressure to my dick. Finally, the need was so strong that as a spasm came I had no choice but to grab myself with my right hand. The spasm was soon over, so I took a slug of coffee as punishment for holding and returned to fidgeting, opening my knees wide and then closing them again.

I'd started rocking in my seat as well when the next spasm hit making me hold myself again (outside my shorts - that's another rule). This one didn't subside as fast as the first, so I carried on clutching myself with my right hand as I took another swig of coffee with my left. I had to keep on holding for a few seconds, but was able to let go eventually. This cycle of holding worse-and-worse then trying to relax escalated for half an hour or so until I was mostly alternating between one-hand and two-hand holds with just a few stretches of no-holding in between. It was during one of those stretches that I felt a trickle of wee start to leave me and hit my belly. Snapping too, I pinched myself shut (through my shorts) with my right thumb and forefinger before hobbling to the "wet room"-type bathroom.

After making it to the bathroom, I pinched my dick closed with my left thumb and forefinger immediately behind my right which was valiantly holding on. I then let go with my right hand and repeated the process but with my hand inside my shorts, allowing me to pull them down with my left hand before letting out the trapped wee into the toilet. The damage was minimal (around a 2" spot) so I pee-danced to the kitchen, downed a glance of water (the punishment for leaking) and returned to the living room.

Ten minutes or so of frantic clutching, squeezing, jiggling and rocking later, I felt wetness spreading between my fingers as another spurt of pee forced its way out. I stood up and froze whilst I held on desperately with both hands and struggled to regain control before hobbling to the bathroom, crouching over with occasional spurts breaking through my hands and adding to the expanding wet patch on my shorts. Reaching the bathroom, I didn't bother trying to get anything into the toilet but just took my hands away and let the pent-up pee shoot out. A couple of spurts came out and soaked into my shorts before I managed to hold it again, but eventually I was OK. Looking down, my shorts were clearly pee'd-in with a dark wet patch about 4" wide starting just below the hem and finishing half way down my legs. On each side, a breakaway trail emerged from the main stain and ran a crooked path down my shorts' legs before emerging as a thin wet streak that had run some way down my thighs.

Back in control, I slugged my glass of water and went onto the balcony to smoke a joint. The need to wee (which had decreased significantly because of the leaks) soon returned in full force, so I went back inside and sat back down on the sofa which I'd covered in towels at the start. It was only a few minutes before a jet of wee shot into the front of my shorts, glistening against the material between my fingers as I tried to stop going. The attempt was only partially successful as many of the spasms were escaping and spraying out from under my thumb (clamped down hard over the end of my dick) and into my hand. Using my other hand to bunch up my shorts and use them to absorb the pee, I got to the bathroom where I did a few spurts. The damage was pretty bad by now, with the wet patch extending all the way down my legs and disappearing into my crotch.

Nevertheless, I dutifully chugged another glass of water, this time in the bathroom as I didn't know how long I could last. The answer came just as I finished the water, as an explosion of piss hissed out. Making no attempt to stop it, I put my right hand into my shorts and slipped it around my erect penis. Putting my thumb loosely over the top, I sprayed the pee around the inside of my shorts which were now a slippery mixture of pre-cum, pee and re-hydrated cum from overnight before masturbating slowly to a shuddering orgasm. 

Despite the soaking wet appearance of my shorts, I'd kept a lot of bladder control and still had a strong need to pee which I relieved by letting go completely. I pulled back my waistband to see a torrent of strong, dark yellow pee flooding into my shorts then aimed upwards and put my head in the stream. Of course, this made me very horny again so after I'd finished wetting myself I had another leisurely wank; that lasted long enough that I had a slight need to pee again and so I went into my shorts for a second time.

Having sated my desires, all that was left was the cleanup. I carried on wearing my wet shorts as I removed the towels from the sofa and used them to soak up a few little splashes on the vinyl floor that had obviously got out during one of my toilet trips. My shorts were already starting to dry by the time I'd finished tidying up, and so before showering I hung them up to air-dry ready for a later re-wetting.

