Surprise hold (male)

Author: Wet Andrew

*000*2019-12-20 05:23

So it all began in the morning. I take the bus to school every morning and if I miss it the re is no other way for me to get there. I woke up 5 minutes before the bus came. I got out of bed and dressed up quickly then planning to go to the bathroom. I started brushing my teeth while potty dancing since the water made it 10x worse. I was about to piss but then looked at my watch and saw that I was one minute late. I ran out each step making it worse. Luckily yet again also unlucky there was an accident so the bus was late. 10 minutes late which is a lot when you're desperate. The worst part is that my crush had the same bus stop so if I wet my pants she would probably not even get near me ever again. I felt the pressure on pee hole about to burst when finally the bus came. I quickly went in the back of the bus so in case I had an accident no one would notice. The bus ride was horrible. There were at least 50 bumbs.

As we were nearing the school. My friend noticed me in the back and started moving to me. In my mind I was like shit. He comes and literally shoves his backpack on my crotch/bladder area which made me lose control for a sec. The spurt was so big there was a small tennis ball sized wet patch on my pants. My first reaction was "BRO THE HELL IS WRONG WITH CHU" he looked at me confused. Finally we get to the school. I hurry off the bus feeling like I'm about to burst any second. And shit. My Spanish teacher comes over and tells me she has important stuff to talk to me. I was wanting to die. I told her may I please use the restroom first?

She looked at me and said " this won't save you now" . Fuck. I begged her one more time and she finally let me go. I speed walk to the bathroom feeling like I was gonna wet myself any moment and in my hurry my dumbass didn't see I entered the ladies bathroom. The moment I entered in front of me was the face of the "popular girl" like the one everyone wants to date. She yelled so loud. That caught me off guard and scared the shit out of me which caused me to lose it in front of her. My pants getting wet from my crutch to my toes. She stood there and watched me. I was so embaressed. I just turned around and ran in the boys bathroom. Where I texted my mom to bring me a new pair of pants. Luckily for me the girl was nice and she didn't tell anyone. Thats the end of the story. Also my first post so please tell me what u guys wanna see in the future. Btw if anyone is interested in chatting more add my snap: bfernal8

