Choose my own adventure long-hold

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-01-23 21:19

Thinking it would be fun to challenge myself to a long-hold today, at least 4-6 hours and thought it would be fun to do a choose-your-own adventure style where you guys get to make the decisions that affect my holding.

I've got a nice pleasant urge right now, maybe a 5/10. Nothing too strong yet but definitely present.

Question #1: should I a) empty my bladder and begin my hold now? Or b) establish this as my baseline and start holding without relieving myself first.

Question #2: should I a) down 8 ounces of water right away to start or b) sip 16 ounces slowly over the next hour?

*003*2023-01-23 21:32

Hmm okay, lets see what others say, I'm kinda leaning toward keeping my already building urge and just getting more desperate

*005*2023-01-23 21:56

I'm not gonna relieve myself, and I'm gonna drink the entire 16 ounces over the next hour with the idea being that hopeefully the desperation will sneak up on me

Already feeling quite a nice bladder pressure and its probably only been about 2-3 hours since I went, and just started officially "holding" . I must've had quite a bit more to drink than I thought. Starting to gently squirm at around a 6/10

*007*2023-01-23 21:59

Oh goodness! Got a little too relaxed just now and had a small leak. My panties are wet but didn't reach my pants. No biggie, its time to get my bladder filled up!

Okay so 60 minutes divided by 16 ounces is 3.75 minutes per ounce. To simplify that a little I'm gonna round up to a large sip every 3 minutes....which doesn't sound like much but thats 20 sips over the next hour.

Timer starts now.

Question 3: any challenges you want me to complete during this period?

*008*2023-01-23 22:10

Wow that second sip snuck up on me quickly. I think I'm gonna be potty dancing quite soon! can't wait😊

Question 4: if I misjudge the size of my sips and finish the water before an hour is up do I a) get a punishment in the form of a challenge? b) have to drink an extra 6 ounces of water

*009*2023-01-23 22:25

8 ounces down... and 25 minutes in. It's looking like I'm gonna have to bear the consequences for finishing early or just

C) pour myself extra water to finish out the hour of sipping

*011*2023-01-23 22:40

{{12 minutes ago, kyrieelleison14 said:

I'd say for Question 4, if you don't follow the pace and finish too early, drink another oz of water for every 5 minutes over you went, minimum extra 6 oz. Also, for Question 3: I'd say to challenge yourself, try to go 20 minutes without holding yourself each hour, if you leak or end up holding drink another 8 oz of water.

}}

Love this, you're gonna get me really bursting hehe

Bladder is starting to bulge a little and feels firm to the touch! Its getting good...

*012*2023-01-23 22:50

Bladder's really bulging now, holding diligently through intense squirmies. water almost done so i should get a little fuller still!

*013*2023-01-23 23:01

Just had a long slooow leak. So much for long hold lol but I'm still at a good 7.5 to 8/10 so maybe I'll just have a little more water and keep holding

*015*2023-01-23 23:19

I'm sitting in a pretty big puddle🌧️👖 whoops

Wet pants are happy pants tho. Maybe I'll do a slower hold with less water over a longer time if I hope to hold for 6 hours next time

*019*2023-01-27 20:15

{{On 1/24/2023 at 12:51 AM, DesperateToes said:

Maybe you should just keep it at the pleasantly full level and not drink any more at all. just enjoy that for as long as possible.

Also, idk about you but I *never* let go of or drink more on a perfectly good hold. never waste a perfectly full bladder. just enjoy that until it gets unpleasant/muscles tired out

}}

Oh I never let go on purpose, always hold to my limit 🙂 I do love that pleasantly full feeling, like 5-7/10. but I also do enjoy getting really bursting and reaching those delicious stretching levels of fullness from 8-10/10. How else will I train my bladder to hold longer and fuller? haha

