Desperate on a Train

Author: WetPantyGirl

*000*2018-05-23 23:59

It was doing Easter this year when I took a couple of days off from work and decided to visit my mother, who lives a couple of hours away… I was there a handful of days and the visit was lovely, however I guess that’s not the reason why you’re here?

Let’s skip forward a couple of days, to the day when I was going back home. As many times before I was traveling by train and having kissed my mom goodbye we were waiving at each other as the train started to accelerate and left the station. I quickly located my seat in the business class cart (I always travel business class, as I struggle with being shy and there are always far less people in business class) and it wasn’t long before the conductor was there to check my ticket.

The conductor was a tall middle age man in a stiff uniform, who kindly informed me that the toilet system on the train was out of order so if I had to use the bathroom I would have to inform him and he would make sure that the train would wait for me a the next station while I used the ladies room there otherwise we would be making a longer stop in Vejle (Danish town) where there would be plenty of time for that sort of thing.

Having heard that I was staring to regret drink a whole bottle of coke zero on drive to the train station but there wasn’t really much I could do about it now. I didn’t really have to pee but as I had a hard time not thinking about my newly discovered inability to use the toilet, I slowly felt a small urge to pee building up as the time slowly passed.

Listening to music and trying not to thing about the broken toilet or me slight urge to pee, I knew that I had to drink something was the temperature in the cart was pretty high and I was sitting in the sunny side of the train.

The first hour passed as I regularly sipped some cold water from a bottle however the small urged had slowly been growing and it was starting to get quite uncomfortable. With a hand hold my crotch I looked up the train schedule on my phone and to my horror discovered that we wouldn’t be in Vejle for another hour!

Doubting that I would be able to hold it for another hour I was worried that I would might end up with a pair of wet shorts.

I knew that I could contact the conductor and tell him that I had to pee but for a shy girl like me, that nothing something you can just do.

Sitting in my seat with crossed legs and a hand firmly planted between them I was watching the minutes slowly pass by as we made a bunch of stop at smaller stations, each time regretting that I did got off the pee!

Tortured by a full bladder, I had about 35 minutes left when I knew for certain that I wasn’t going to make it however as I was building up courage to tell the conductor that I had to pee, he suddenly walked through the cart telling everyone that someone else had requested a pee-stop and that we would be stopping shortly.

I almost couldn’t believe it, I would be able to use the restroom! The though alone almost made me pee my pants as knowing that I would soon get to pee, make the urge so much bigger!

As the train pulled into the station, I was already standing at the door, still with and hard between my legs, ready to jump out and head towards the restrooms!

As the train came to a stop, I had completely forgotten everything about that last powerful tug that it makes every time it stops (you know the one) and I almost fell over and was soooooo freaking close to losing control and pissing my tight shorts. I even think that a small squirt of pee managed to escape my bladder and rush into my panties, but I had no time to waste and I was soon out of the train and on my way towards the restroom!

However, that unfortunate surprise had make a huge impact on my bladder and I was struggling to stay in control as I rushed across the platform.

Down the stairs, under the rail and towards the station building I finally reached the restroom but almost started crying when I saw two women standing in a line, in front of the stall. I had to pee sooo bad and at that point I was tempted to just give up and piss my pants!

Biting my lip and holding my crotch, I was finally first in line when suddenly felt my urethra filling up with pee. I instantly panicked and did everything in could to hold back the stream. However, with the uncomfortable feeling of my urethra being full I very carefully let out that small squirt of pee into my tight panties however as soon as I did that, I could feel my urethra filling up again!

I did my best to hold it back, but another squirt eventually escaped into my damp panties followed by one or two more! However just as I though that all hope was lost I heard the sound of a stall unlocking and as soon as the stall was free, I rushed in slammed the door, unzipped my shorts, pulled down my panties and barely made it unto the toilet before a strong stream of pee started spraying out of me and directly into to toilet!

I looked down to inspect the damage of my panties and found a dark and wet patch inside my tight gray panties, about the size of my hand but even though it left and strange/sticky and uncomfortable feeling around my crotch, I was just happy that had managed to save that… More or less… From getting completely soaked!

*003*2018-05-24 05:30

{{5 hours ago, Filled to the said:

Lovely story, your shorts survive okay?

}}

They did, they weren't visible wet anyway ❤️

