A Shitty Night at the Movies

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2018-06-01 03:10

Hey all, long time no see friends. I have a story for you. This wasn't even planned or I didn't even let it happen...this was a legit accident.

I was at the movies, things were going great. I went by myself, no big deal. I treated myself to a small popcorn and a large drink. I also snuck in a water bottle in my purse. I was fine watching the movie, but it was the new Avengers movie. I love MCU so much. But it's a 3 hour damn movie.

I started to feel myself having to need to the bathroom about halfway through. I had already downed my soda. But I was still fine for the movie. Toward the end of it, though, ehh....not so much. As the credits were rolling, I was literally crossing my legs for dear life. I didn't want to miss the end sequence that they put in every Marvel movie, so I just decided to wait it out until the end.

I don't know about any of the rest of y'all but I know one thing for sure...those credits are long as fuck. Especially when your bladder has enough urine stored to fill a 2 liter bottle of coke. Then they seem endless.

I really didn't feel like wetting myself, things have been on-and-off and kind of weird between Emily (if anyone has any questions about it I'll answer in the comments) and I saw a cute girl sitting by herself in the theater that I kind of wanted to talk to.

So, I was doing all I could not to explode, but I really just wanted to see the ending of the damn movie. So I leaned forward and grasped at my crotch for what it was worth. Finally, the last scene came and went, and I could finally go to the bathroom. My bladder was in so much pain. As I stood up, I could feel a leak starting to happen. My heart skipped a beat and I made a beeline for the exit. But that's hard to do when everyone and their brothers feel the need to stand up and walk through the aisle, too. I had to walk with my right hand between my legs, halfway bent over. I looked around to see if there was a closer exit (WHICH THERE WASN'T) and as I did, I made eye contact with the cute girl. I was gonna say something to her, but my anxiety got the best of me, and I was more concentrated on not pissing myself right there at that moment.

My anxiety pretty much decided for me that I would not be saying anything to her. So when I finally got out of the theater, it was like a breath of fresh air. That was, until I started leaking again. I must have looked like an idiot running to the bathroom with my hand shoved between my legs. So, I was left with one of two choices:

1.) Run stupidly with my hand between my leg at a slow rate of speed, but I would have some control over my bladder

2.) Take the risk and run as fast as I could to the bathroom without holding onto my bladder

I tried the first way, until I started leaking some more. At that point I was sweating, so I decided to take the risk. So I ran as fast as I could, leaking more and more and more. I could feel my ass starting to get wet. The leaks beforehand were only making my panties wet, but at this point the more I ran, the more leaked into my pants.

I finally made it to the bathroom and as I was trying to find an open stall, I was attempting to take my belt off and unbutton/unzip my jeans. Those solid 5 seconds led to my gates getting too flooded finally which led to me full on gushing piss into my pants.

It was dripping on the floor when I finally opened up the stall and got in. I spun around, slammed the door shut, pulled my jeans down, all while continuing to gush piss everywhere. And I mean everywhere. It got on my jeans, panties, toilet seat, floor, my shoes (which the insides were wet at this point in time), even my phone which was in my butt pocket. Usually when I purposely hold and make it to the toilet, (in the privacy of my home) I let a relieving moan out which turns me on even more. Well, out of force of habit, I did that in the crowded public bathroom. 

That made me only a million times more humiliated. I wiped up, pulled up my jeans, which were literally soaked all the way from the front to the ass, but more in the back. I didn't even bother trying to dry it. I just walked out of the stall and rushed out of the bathroom. What made things EVEN WORSE was the cute girl from earlier, who saw the whole thing unfold, was walking out of the bathroom next to me. She didn't say anything, but at that point, what are you supposed to say to a complete stranger who just pissed her pants?

And it was completely obvious, too. I was wearing my light faded jeans so you could see every last molecule of pee-stains all over it. I hopped in my car, and drove home.

When I came home, Emily saw my mess of once dry jeans. She thought I did it on purpose again. She looked up, gave me a sexy smile, and said, "oh, one of these nights, huh?" and started to get all romantic. But I ended up bursting out crying. I've never been so humiliated peeing myself. I told her how I was embarrassed about pissing myself, how everyone saw, how people were giving me stares and dirty looks and looks of pity, how I was upset at myself that I was trying to pursue this girl even though Emily and I still technically have a thing going, and how I was just so upset with how the entire day.

Emily was a little upset that I was trying to go for the cute girl but she got over it quick. She hugged me and we talked it out. I jumped in the shower afterwards and when I came out in my room, Emily was on my bed. We ended up having sex for the first time in weeks. Honestly, Em is the best. I think I'm in love with her.

