Hospital experience

Author: wetpirate

*000*2019-03-03 09:02

So I was at a Hospital, due to being detained by police by 5150 (unstable/crazy) - fortunately I was determined to be completely without psychological issue. But the point is, I was there long enough to witness a few things & even be on the receiving end of a few things. So if one is uncomfortable with minors or those with psychological issues, you've been warned.

As the way that it worked, a PCA (Patient Care Assistant) would need to call a Nurse to escort you to bathroom and either go with them or call another PCA if there's only one patient they need to watch.

When I first got there, I had to wait for a room. There was another person there waiting who got there after me, a girl who I assume was too shy to ask the Police if she could go (presumably under the assumption she'd remain cuffed and would require assistance). So I was sort of watching her and she looked close to my age at the time (17). She was squirming a bit, likely both from bladder & cuffs but my show was cut short when I was escorted to my own room.

There I got uncuffed & changed into a gown where I still had my underwear on. I'd have to wait for awhile, so I laid in my bed waiting a bit. It'd been 5 hours since I had a drink, but I figured I'd be fine. I woke up a bit later with a bit of an urge, but being shy (which is probably funny considering I'm 6'1" & in shape but I have trouble asking for things) I didn't ask to go. Probably 8 hours since being detained, but a girl came into my room & checked my vitals, once done she went back into the hall. Then a PCA asked her if she could escort a patient to the bathroom, but she'd have to wait for a PCA or something to accompany them.

After a little while I heard from whoever was in the room - a girl who was older who I thought was the girl from earlier - "I don't need the bathroom anymore." relatively calmly. This roused a "Why is that?" and subsequent "Did you go?". The nurse entered the room & the door was shut, the PCA called off escort and called in new clothes as well as cleaning for whatever the room was. Which reminded me a bit of my own need to go, but I wasn't going to call out for a bathroom. Shy and Stubborn.

Off from myself again, after waiting awhile longer splashing in the room next to me went off. The PCA turned her head & was taken by surprised. "Aw! You should've said you needed to go." which got me excited (no idea how young she was but I imagined it being close and I also assume "she" was a girl) and a bit more desparate. Luckily however the PCA went on "Well, Anon - do you need to go?". I of course nodded and softly said yes. She called in a Nurse and PCA to escort me to the bathroom along with clean up.

Once they came, I got up and was taken where I was able to relieve myself. I'd go back to my room, where I got more talks with several different people before an actual psychiatrist. I'd have to wait for the day after for said person. So I went to bed, where I had a dream where I was at my Uncle's house in Colorado. My cousin who I sort of had a crush on was awfully desperate and so was I. We both looked around for something, I assume a toilet. But what ended up happening was that I wet myself & then my cousin did too. Only thing was that of course I was also going while asleep. I guess I still had some in me, I instinctively popped up and looked under the sheets to see I had totally wet myself. The PCA caught on & I got really red. She called in cleanup.

When someone came with a mop and clothes she came in along with a Nurse. They closed my door and I got my vitals checked first, then my bed was wiped, sheets replaced, undressed into new gown, and given new underwear which fit sort of tight. I was awfully embarrassed, especially being surrounded by women. I was reassured that accidents happen & such. Of course it doesn't end there.

The next morning I am sprung awake by inane laughter & splashing yet again. Except this time it's a guy pissing into his sink, he got scolded by the PCA and he stopped going in the sink - putting on his underwear while still going, I heard an audible facepalm. My own PCA was now a guy, and I asked for some water.

The rest of the day was fine, I got a bit desperate twice but went to the bathroom, gotot my old underwear back, passed my psyche evaluation, went home, and since then I've been living without the incident until recently a similar situation happened to a friend of mine who is about the same age I was.

I hope you enjoyed my writing, be it what occurred or my pacing.

*002*2019-03-04 08:47

{{17 hours ago, satyr said:

...

}}

Yeah, I feel bad for everyone there too. Especially when I'm there for a joke in I'll taste, a little too close to 9/11 & terrorism.

Also I'd say the Hospital had alot of things to deal with, since it was practically the only one for minors in the entire county. Which should warrant more people, but maybe it's too much to pay therm a proper price with so many.

