Omo and social isolation

Author: Wrongrooms

*000*2020-03-16 20:06

So being stuck in social isolation is a great time for having some fun holding. I am currently an 8 and expect that over the course of typing this my level of discomfort will accelerate because I have been drinking a lot of water today.

Working from home, gives me the chance to catch up with some stories. This one is about a time that I travelled from Toronto to Pennsylvania. It's about a seven hour journey and I decided to have some fun. Once over the border I pulled off and bought a coffee, a large bottle of water and a mega-sized diet coke. Over the next hour I decided to drink them and wait for the response. I also took the precaution of stopping quickly each time I had finished to throw the cups and bottles away so I was not tempted to cheat. 

It was not long after finishing the diet coke and throwing again the cup before I was wriggling in my seat. It was fun trying to hold but I was beginning to reach the point of no return so i started to look for an intersection or a Rest Stop. As luck would have it, of course, I hit a patch of the freeway with no turn-offs. Had I made an error? Why didn't I keep at least one cup for emergencies? Just when I thought I couldn't hold it I passed a sign that said 10 miles. It was certainly going to be a challenge but I thought that I could manage. This was going to be fun.

The next five minutes or so fluctuated from sudden spasms from my bladder, holding my dick, and moments of relief as I overcame the urge to let go. I was doing quite well and beginning to believe I was going to make it.

That's the moment when I lost concentration and leaked a spurt into my pants. Quickly clamping down, I managed to stop the flow OK but there was a clear damp patch forming on my jeans.

Idiot I thought - why did I wear light blue coloured jeans.

I started to repeat the mantra "I want a pee" and "I'm going to hold it"

Of course that was the point when the traffic came to a complete halt. Fuck. I no longer wriggled, I started to squirm. I was clearly at a 9, I had already leaked and I judged it was another 5 minutes to go if the traffic moved but it didn't.

At the next bladder contraction, I quickly grabbed my dick worried that I was going to leak again.

I was shocked by a loud horn from the truck next to me. I was so shocked that I almost lost it immediately. I looked across - the trucker had his window down and was waving at me. I wondered what he meant and I was embarrassed because I'm sure he knew I was desperate.

"Turn your window down" he was calling so I decided to play along.

"I need to fucking pee man - and I see you do" he yelled. "Where are you trying to get to ?" he asked

"Pennsylvania I replied but I'm going to stop at the next Rest Stop !" I called back.

"There's a great truck stop before the Rest Stop" he replied helpfully. "Let's see whether we can both make it there without getting too wet" and he winked.

I was beginning to get excited and that helped my desperation. It was fun to have someone share the desperation.

Over the next 10 minutes, we crawled slowly along. My desperation reached a 10 and I leaked again but the trucker who told me his name was Jim kept chatting. He told me that he'd leaked too.

"The stop is only about half a mile away" he called out "Just around that corner"

Definitely there was hope. But of course when the bladder muscles get the sense that there is relief in sight, they start to anticipate relief. I suddenly let out a much bigger leak than I expected. It was really difficult to stop but I made it. I could feel the warmth flowing in my pants and the jeans were pretty wrecked.

"That was close" I shouted to Jim who in response tried to lean out of the cab to see.

Just as he was leaning out, he called out "Fuck" and pulled back. I could see that he was struggling to hold it and assumed that the stretch had caused him to leak.

A few minutes later, he laughed and called out "Well I lose. Couldn't hold it man and now I've flooded the place. You win" he smiled.

"don't be sure" I replied - "I'm not sure I will make it"

And in the end I didn't just as I turned into the park my bladder gave way.

JIm invited me into his truck and we sat in wet pants and shared a beer together.

Much more fun than I expected

