Airport wetting

Author: WetFlyer

*000*2020-05-24 15:12

This happened a few years ago but still turns me on when I think about it.

I was on a long trip from Asia back to Europe and was lucky enough to be flying business class as I'd saved up some frequent flyer points for the upgrade. The trip was one where you had to fly two legs with a transit between them. I spent the last couple of hours of first flight holding my pee as I was planning on a bit of fun for the transit. I was travelling light with just a small backpack and wearing a nice shirt, dark blue chino shorts and boat shoes. I didn't have a change of clothes, so this was a risky game to play knowing I had another 7 hour flight to catch.

The transit was three hours and I was planning on a few little leaks to pass the time. Once I got to the business class lounge, I went to the bar and ordered a large glass of wine. Then another. And then a couple of cocktails. Throughout, I was too scared to leak incase someone saw, so I continued to hold. I was now bursting so abandoned my leaking plan and headed for the toilets. What I didn't realise was there was two types of toilet, the normal ones and the fancier ones with showers inside them too. I ended up in one of the fancier ones and so found myself alone in a private locked bathroom all kitted out with towels etc. My drunken thoughts took over and I removed my shoes, walked into the shower and totally flooded my pants and shorts. It felt amazing and so naughty as I wet myself.

My only option now was to take off my shirt and take a shower still wearing my pants and shorts to clean up before my next flight. I dried up as best I could but was obviously still quite damp but because it was an even dampness, no one noticed as I walked to the gate. Once on the airplane I took the provided blanket, covered myself and went to sleep happy with the fun I'd had. I was dry by the time I arrived at my destination thanks to the dry airplane air and the warm blanket.

That was a fun trip and I'd love to do it again one day! Has anyone else ever had a bit of fun on a flight?

