Working in the front yard in completely pee soaked jeans

Author: wamfun

*000*2021-05-10 20:37

About 10 years ago I was doing some work on my wife's car in the front driveway. She had gone for the day with some friends and I had the house to myself. It was a hot day so I was drinking plenty of water. Suddenly, I got the urge to pee. As I was working barefoot, and noticed no one was around, I decided to walk behind the car and relieve myself in my pants. It felt great and I thoroughly enjoyed watching my dark blue jeans turn even darker as I watched the pee roll over the tops of my bare feet. Once I was done I walked in the garage to the extra shower we had and stripped out of my wet jeans. I found a dirty pair of pants in the hamper and went Commando as I continued to work on the car. When I felt like peeing again, I'd go back into the shower, put on the other set of peed pants and rewet them again. I did this multiple times until I just left them on the shower floor and continued to pee over them.

They were now 100% soaked in my golden nectar. I figured since they were dark jeans and were uniformly wet - why not just put them on and leave them on? That's exactly what I did. Neighbors passed by on the street either walking or driving by, but they never suspected anything unless they got real close to me. When I needed to pee I would just walk to the back of the driveway and release it right there in my pants. By the end of the hot day I was done peeing and allowed my pants to dry out.

Still going Commando I went inside and started reading numerous experiences on the old Experience Project forums. This got me all stiff and excited and I began to masturbate in my favorite fashion - rubbing my cock inside my pants! I had a powerful orgasm inside my pants with no underwear on. I sat there for a few minutes while I calmed down enjoying the warm sticky mess in my pants. Suddenly I felt the urge to do one more pee. I walked in the shower and let go once again as the warm pee washed the warm sticky cum out of my pants. I turned the shower on and took a shower with my jeans on before I removed them to finally shower for good.

