Childhood Sighting

Author: wtv

*000*2021-01-19 03:33

Hey guys!

It's my first time posting an experience here in its own topic. English is not my first language, so I'm sorry if this is hard to read, or the text doesn't really flow naturally, or if it's lacking in detail - it happened 20 years ago, so I did my best to recall everything. It's basically one of my many "origin stories" about how I found out I had a wetting fetish.

###

One afternoon I was at the mall with my nanny, Chrissy, and I must've been about 4-5 years old. I remember being sad that day, so she took me for a Happy Meal and a movie. After drinking lots of soda or juice or whatever it was that I liked to drink back then, we finally made our way to the bathroom - only to be greeted by a major queue ahead of us, since apparently only one of the stalls was working at the time.

I was far from desperate yet, but it was getting uncomfortable, and I started crying when I realized how much I'd have to wait. Back then I really hated the feeling of having a full bladder, and one of my deepest-rooted fears was wetting myself in public, for some reason. Most women in the back of the queue immediately took pity on such a young child, and rushed me to the front of the line - problem was, only one of the women didn't agree to let me go first. She was third next to use the only working stall, and told us there was "absolutely no way" she'd let me go up front. It made me feel a bit hurt that she acted that way, as in my childish, entitled perception, she was just being mean to me for no reason at all, and I quietly whimpered a bit more over it (yes, I was a spoiled brat, nightmare of a child).

As the minutes went by, however, and I was standing right behind this young woman, I realized she was squirming a lot, legs locked together. Eventually I realized why she didn't let me go first, just as she started dancing in place and crossing and uncrossing her legs. She put both hands deep in her crotch and at one point she literally bent over, moaning shallowly. I'd never seen an adult do this "potty dance" thing before, and it immediately picked my interest. For the sake of imagination: she looked a lot like Jennifer Connelly in Labyrinth and, bizarrely enough, was also wearing a similar outfit (blue jeans and a flowy white blouse).

With it being one of my favorite movies at the time, it just made me pay even more attention to her. I was just transxified by her struggle, the way she kept twisting her body around to help hold it in. I remember thinking it was such an odd situation, an adult needing the bathroom so badly they wouldn't let little me go first, and it was also exciting somehow. It made me forget about my own need almost completely. If I'd been crying earlier because of the wait, part of me now wished it would take even longer so I'd get to see a Grown-Up have an accident - of course, back then, I just thought it would be "funny".

The whole scene went on for a few more minutes, with all the tell-tale signs that someone is really just hanging on by a thread. I remember her dancing in place with such clarity it's a bit disturbing. At some point she leaned against the wall, and did this thing that's been etched in my mind since then - with one hand stuffed deep into her crotch, she squatted down, using her other hand to pull on the waistband of her jeans so they'd put more pressure on her peehole. I was so excited to see it all unfold I couldn't even speak.

Eventually her turn came and she went into the stall, and I became a bit heartbroken that that was it. My nanny said something I can't remember exactly, but probably along the lines of "not long now, it's almost our turn" or something like that. But the girl wouldn't come out of the stall. I don't know if it was just my childish perception of time at play here, but I could swear she lasted longer than every single woman who went in before her.

When she did eventually come out, she had her eyes pinned to the ground and her face all red, cheeks streaked with tears. There was a huge dark-blue wet patch on her jeans, roughly the size of a basketball, distributed evenly across both her thighs and her crotch. I audibly gasped, and didn't even wait until she was out of the bathroom to tug on my nanny's hand and all but scream "SO SHE DID GO IN HER PANTS!" (again, nightmare of a child).

Chrissy was super embarassed and tried to sush me and rush me into the stall as quickly as possible. I remember her telling me that this was the reason why the girl didn't let me go first when I was crying, and we talked a bit about it in the stall, but I can't recall what we said.

I just remember feeling a strange type of superiority over that young woman when I finally left the bathroom as well. I kept thinking I was only 4-5 years old and hadn't even wet my panties, while she looked like she was in her late teens/very early twenties and still had an accident in front of everyone. For several weeks afterwards I couldn't shut about about what happened that afternoon, telling it to everyone I knew like it was some sort of funny joke or anectode.

Of course, now I know why I was so interested in it in the first place.

