Last night - not me for a change!

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-03-03 11:03

Shortly after midnight last night I was woken by my doorbell being rung repeatedly.

I stumbled groggily out of bed and hurried to the front door.

The second I opened the door my friend Lucinda pushed past me and ran towards my loo.

I'd barely closed the door and gathered my thoughts when I heard a loud giggle coming from the bathroom.

"Oh no Kate, ah've chuffin pissed me sen" Lucy exclaimed through the door in her broad Yorkshire accent.

I opened the door to see a shocked looking Lucinda staring at herself in the mirror, a huge wet patch on her jeans and a small puddle on the tiles.

"What do I do now Kate?"

"Don't worry Luce" I told her.

"I'll pop your clothes in the wash and sort out the puddle while you get yourself cleaned up. You can borrow some knickers and a t-shirt"

Once everything was sorted Lucy jumped into my bed with a bottle of wine and a couple of glasses ready for a debrief.

"I were at that new bar on the high street and got chattin' to a fella, we had a couple of pints together and then we went out for a ciggie and a snog.

We swapped numbers and I 'eaded back in fer a tinkle only to find the front door locked and the bar in darkness.

I reckon that knowing it was a mile walk 'ome kicked my bladder into gear, suddenly I were reet desperate to pee.

I started headin' back but seriously doubted I could make it so I decided your place were nearer, I were half walking half dancing along holding me sen between me legs like a little kid"

Lucy took a big gulp of Rosé wine.

"By the time I got to your place ah'd already wet me knickers a little bit, you didn't answer the door quickly enough, I pissed me sen and ruined me trainers"

If things work out with Lucinda and this fella I'm definitely telling this story on her hen do!

*004*2025-03-03 12:11

{{11 minutes ago, nappypants said:

“Debrief” is a good term for changing your wet underwear 😉

}}

Lucy's knickers were definitely not brief.

She's coming over after work to collect her granny pants! 🤣

*008*2025-03-03 22:13

{{3 hours ago, BigOrangeWX said:

I thought briefs and granny panties were the same thing? Am I wrong or missing something in translation across the pond?

}}

I was thinking of brief meaning small.

Normally I refer to my underwear by the type: boy shorts, thong etc.

*012*2025-03-04 06:27

{{6 hours ago, BigOrangeWX said:

Gotcha, I get it now. I find all cuts sexy as long as they’ve been wet by a desperate accident!

}}

If I'm wetting on purpose I prefer big knickers with a big wet patch!

*015*2025-03-04 09:46

{{3 hours ago, PeeMaster4321 said:

And when you're wetting *not* on purpose? 😈

}}

A lady doesn't tell......

I like high cut full knickers for every day wear.

La Perla is my favourite 😍

