Genuine poop desperation driving

Author: WetNick88

*000*2025-03-15 07:50

So I was driving on my way to go for a cycle ride, dressed in cycling gear and many layers as it was cold yesterday and was getting a bit desperate for a wee. I stopped where I’d originally planned to start but it was a residential area with no loos and nowhere to go in the bushes. So I drove on, up a busy A road, expecting a garage or lay-by to appear. Sure enough a lay-by with a sign for “coffee Sunday” - hmm might have a loo. And there was a parking area and what looked like a visitor centre for the woods to the west of the road. I parked up and walked to the building which turned out to be private, closed and definitely no loo (or cafe). There were walkers coming out of what were very open woods and definitely no obvious place to ‘go.

So I walked back to the car, and of course was hit by a massive stomach cramp. Oh no, now I need to poo too. I could feel it coming but had no option but to get back in the car. Next junction was a quiet lane and I took it, half a mile later a gateway where I could park for a short while at least, and a footpath opposite. I ran towards the path, and dived into the bushes, finding a dryish muddy ditch where I could get reasonably out of sight.

Of course I had to disrobe as my cycling gear had shoulder straps. I could feel pee spurting as I removed my jacket in order to get my shoulder straps off and lower my cycling tights and underwear. As soon as I did there was an eruption of poo. Phew, only a small stain, even if rather a thick one, in the seat of my underwear.

The clean up was difficult. I tried using leaves but found my hand covered with a thick load of poop that had stuck to my arse cheeks. No option but to sacrifice a handkerchief which I left by the pile of poo; pulling my gear back up as quickly as possible and getting out of there quickly so as not to be spotted. Three or four cars had driven past already and my brightly coloured cycling outfit was designed to be seen, not as camouflage!

I spent the rest of the afternoon cycling with a sticky bum, and when I wrote this was now back home soaking in the bath. Undies in with me to clean them out. (Couldn’t resist pissing in them as I got in the bath too.)

Thought you all might enjoy hearing all this. It’s quite exciting looking back but was scary at the time.

