Leaky legend at the beach

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-09-04 22:59

So as you may know if you've read my posts, I have an overactive bladder and tend to leak or have accidents sometimes if I get too full. Wet pants are a part of my life, and I try to plan for and enjoy them whenever possible. I also find that once wet, I have a much harder time holding, whether thats a pee spot in my underwear encouraging more drips and leaks, or in this case, a wet bathing suit. Its almost like once my urethra is sitting against wet fabric, it just wants to stay a little open and keep me wet.

Yesterday I went to the beach for a solo swim (I was meeting up with friends aftter), and immediately upon arrival, I noticed I really had to pee. I had been drinking water the whole drive, probably at least 1 litre, and it had been over an hour in the car, plus I might've skipped peeing before the drive on purpose, knowing I'd get to pee in the water😜. By the time I got towels laid down on the sand, I realized I could barely stand up and walk to the water without risking peeing all down my legs in full view of other beachgoers. 

I actually lost a couple drips in my white shorts before taking them off, so naturally I decided to sit back down on the sand and relax a little in my bathing suit bottoms to relieve some pressure. It felt lovely and naughty to pee into the already warm sand in the sun, so I sat my wet little butt back down on my towel and read my book for a while, sipping water and waiting for my urge to build again. I had by no means emptied my bladder, I was still at about a 5/10 right after peeing because I wanted to enjoy a nice moderate urge while I read my book.

After about half an hour, I realized 1) I was back up to a VERY full bladder 2) I was leaking pee totally involuntarily into my swim bottoms (and a few dribbles on my towel) every time I moved around. I decided it was high time I jumped in the water and released my bursting bladder, but apparently it couldn't wait. Now that my swim bottoms were quite soaked, every few steps down the beach triggered a drip or leak, as though I had no control over my bladder at all. One after another, I'd feel warm bursts soak into my swim bottoms. Thankfully they were all very tiny and I wasn't peeing down my legs, just feeling all these little gushes no one could see. It was crazy though, to have that little control, all because of wearing wet bottoms, as though my bladder completely had a mind of its own.

As I stepped into the water, the shock of the cold really made me start to squirm, and I had to rush deeper in as my pee started to dribble down my legs and spread across my bum. I splashed my feet as much as I could to make sure it wasn't visible as I ran, pee spraying out around me. Soon, I was finally deep enough to cover my whole body. I faced the horizon and began to tread, releasing a delicious cloud of oh-so-warm pee into the cold water all around me. I stayed there for a minute, basking in the warm pee, before I swam around, took some nature photos and eventually made it back to my towel.

To my surpise, even with what felt like an empty bladder afterwards, the wet fabric continued to work its magic and I had several more tiny leaks in my swim bottoms quite accidentally as I walked back and while sitting on my towel. I met up with friends after this for dinner by the beach town and there was nowhere to change so I put my dry white shorts and shirt on over my wet bathing suit. One of my friends actually joked that the wet bathing suit soaking onto my shorts made it look like I had peed myself, and I was well aware... Little did they know I had realized I already looked wet and released a few tiny trickles on purpose on the way to the restaurant. I had a nice time out with my friends (nothing omo while I was with them) and on the way home, I kept happily leaking - some on purpose, some by accident - in my very wet shorts and swim bottoms.

When I got home, I went out to my backyard and released the rest of my bladder on purpose in my shorts, a delicious end to a wet and wonderful beach day.

*002*2022-09-05 05:22

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

Leaky Legend is an appropriate title for both you and this story . I really enjoyed your description of your semi accidental wetting in your bathing suit. It is the best kind of public wetting. You are peeing you pants/ bathing suit right in front of them and they have no clue. Also there is no evidence or cleanup. Thank you for an enjoyable post.

}}

You're most welcome. Those leaks on the beach were definitely accidental :)) my bladder just kept leaking all on its own

*004*2022-09-05 19:48

{{On 9/5/2022 at 1:08 PM, mystic dreamer said:

When I lived in Hawaii, I used to have a girlfriend who swam pretty much every day. Sometimes she would say things like, "I need to get in the water really fast, because I have to pee!" When we were out swimming and I asked, "Hey babe, what're you up to?" she would often reply, "Just having a nice relaxing pee in my swimsuit." All the same, I never got the impression she was a fetishist, just kind of "raw" about life.

One day we ended up at Secret Beach on Kauai. We hadn't planned on swimming, so neither one of us had our swimsuits with us. But the beach was so good it was just irresistible. At one end of the beach there were families, and way down at the other end were a bunch of Europeans, since Europeans seem to be passionate about nude swimming. Though Jenny was "raw" about life, she wasn't raw enough to swim naked with a bunch of strangers, so we found our own spot halfway down the beach, stripped down to our underwear, and had a great swim.

When we got out, we lay on the rocks to dry out, me in my boxers and Jenny in panties and bra. Jenny said, "I really have to pee," and I replied, "Try the jungle." But that wasn't an option because the cliffs came right to the edge of the rocks where we lay drying out.

The tide was coming in, water was splashing around us, and we were still quite wet. She gave me a mischievous look, and said, "Do you think anyone would notice if I... you know?"

I had never told her about my fetish but could not help giving her an enthusiastic "Of course not," in response. So she sat on the rock with waves foaming around her feet and peed in her panties.

People often put their clothes on over wet swimwear in Hawaii. It is cute because it looks like the gals have wet their pants, and even though you know they haven't, it is a lovely sight and a feast for the imagination.

When Jenny walked by the family section of the beach as we were leaving, she looked just the same.

I was the only one who knew she had actually wet her pants.

}}

Lovely story, thank you so much for sharing! I wish more people were comfortable peeing in their underwear, it really feels great and there's minimal cleanup/drying time involved.

I feel like I would've loved to meet Jenny, I also love swimming and being "raw about life"

Edit: and of course pissing myself! 😛

