Girlfriend Wets Herself at Thorpe Park

Author: Wettinglvr

*000*2022-07-22 16:13

So this is a true story that happened a few years ago. I've never written anything but don't see many stories like this and thought everyone would enjoy. I accidentally posted this in the live action section so I'm just reposting in the experiences.

At the time I was dating this girl, we'll call her Sophie for the sake of privacy. She was around 5 foot 7, medium build, dark curly hair, big breasts, amazing body, and overall was absolutely stunning. She would have been 19/20 at the time. A year or so before this, I had confided in her about my fetish and did treat me to a show from time to time but I think this was half on purpose and half an accident.

We decided that we would go to Thorpe Park for the day. She dressed in black jeans and a crop top and we headed out. Once we were there we went on a few rides and then decided to go for something to eat and had a couple of beers in the process. We got a little tipsy and went on another ride and decided we would go for another couple of beers. We got chatting to some people and had some Jaeger bombs and by this point we were getting a little drunk. We then decided we should head to the Saw ride.

We started queuing and were about 45 or so minutes from the front when the ride stopped working, they announced this but said the ride should be back up shortly. We waited 10 minutes and this was the first time she let me know that she actually had to pee. I said that we'd been waiting a while and it would be a shame to leave as the park was approaching closing time and we wouldn't get to go on the ride if we left. She agreed and said that she'd just hold it.

The ride got back up and running and we slowly started making our way to the front of the queue. Now being young, in love and drunk, we were being pretty touchy with each other, hugging, kissing a bit etc and I was getting pretty turned on knowing of her situation but given where we were knew that nothing would happen. Or so I thought.

She suddenly whispered to me "baby, I'm getting really desperate I don't know how much I can hold it", trying to keep her situation quiet. I offered her the chance to go, but she said she didn't want to lose our place in the queue. I think she had noticed it was turning me on. She had started to cross her legs when we were standing and bouncing on the spot a little.

About 20 minutes from the front she said, "fuck babe, I really don't know if I can hold it", I said again that we should go and she said no it's fine, we were both pretty drunk so maybe she thought it'd be fine, but all the beer and shots were clearly catching up with her.

After a while she started swearing under her breath "fuck, fuck, fuck" and I was getting really flustered by the whole thing. She then suddenly grabbed my arm hard and looked at me a bit panicked and said "it's coming out". My ears didn't believe what I heard so I asked what she meant? "I'm peeing". I looked down and my eyes widened. This stunning girl was wetting her jeans in the line! It ran all the way down her legs and she kept saying "I can't stop it", before she eventually managed to gain control. 

She looked down to check the damage and said "shit... well thank fuck I'm wearing black jeans I guess, is the back bad?" and turned around for me to show me it spread up her ass and down both legs. I said "Don't worry you can see but it's not too bad, unless you were looking at it I don't think you'd notice", it was dark by this point so that and the black jeans covered it somewhat okay, but had someone checked her ass out, which people certainly would given how attractive this girl was, then they definitely would have noticed. She then said to me, "you must be loving this, I just wet myself in the most public place possible.." I couldn't deny my enjoyment and she gave me a devilish smile.

She seemed embarrassed but I think that the alcohol had given her some dutch courage because I again asked if she wanted to leave and she said "Hell no, I've just pissed myself to get on this ride, we're gonna ride it!" We both laughed, got to the front, and rode the ride.

Afterwards, the park was closing so we started to walk back to the bus. I gave her my hoodie to wrap around her waist and cover some of the damage. Once we got to the bus, there was a queue to get on and after queuing for 10 minutes she said again, "fuck I don't know why I didn't go to the toilet before we left I still really have to go" and was really moving around a lot. I said not to worry as we were almost at the front and it was only a 15 minute journey to the train station.

We got on the bus and she put her head on my shoulder. I put my hand on her thigh and noticed how wet she really was.

Once we arrived at the train station she jumped out and said "okay I need to find a bathroom now!" so we went into the station and she went off to the toilets, but when she got there, she went to walk in and.. the door was locked. She came up to me and told me the situation. "Don't worry babe, the train's going to be here in a couple of seconds you can go when we get on. Now the train arrived and to her horror she noticed it was one of the trains which doesn't have bathrooms on board.. which was insane because it was a 2 hour train journey. She looked at me and said "there's no way I'm going to make it 2 hours!"

I really felt for her at this moment because the poor girl had already wet herself in front of hundreds of people so I said "look, sweetheart, you've already wet yourself, before we get on the train just let yourself go and I'll stand in front of you so people don't see." She looked at me and said "I guess you're right" and immediately started rewetting herself, this time on the platform of a train station! She must have peed for a minute or so and by the time she was done she was absolutely soaked.

We climbed on the train and headed home. Once we got off we walked back to our place. When we arrived at our door she looked at me and said "Well you must have had fun today!" I replied "I know that must of been embarrassing but I can't tell you how horny I am right now" She laughed. Looked at me in the eyes with a devilish look she gave and said "well seeing as I'm already wet..." she took my hand, place it on her pussy and began to wet herself for the third time that day. We kissed passionately, she let me take a photo of her and then we headed inside and had some of the best sex we had in our whole relationship.

It was insane.

I would love to share the photo but as I said, this is an ex of mine who I'm no longer in contact with, so I wouldn't be able to get permission to post it. Hope you've enjoyed the story though :). I have loads more.

