My Freind Wet Herself!

Author: Wet~~Fox19

*000*2017-03-14 03:56

Alright guys. I'd like to welcome you back to another childhood story of mine. This is a story of my friend in late High School. My Junior year maybe? Anyways this is a story of us being, like, 16 or 17 so yadda, yadda, yadda. Disclaimer, disclaimer, disclaimer. With that outta the way, let's begin. And as always, enjoy!

Alright, so one early-spring day, my friend Grace, to whom I had a crush, had asked if I wanted to come over and chill out at her place for the night. After what felt like an eternity of negotiations with parents on both sides, it had been decided that the next weekend was the clostest available date. After a week of anticipation, the day had finally arrived. I packed for the night and headed over.

The later hours of the day were uneventful, aside from the both of us drinking tons of water. It was very dry out, as was any given winter day. Because the weather where I lived was bipolar, the temperature had dropped severely. So when lights out had finally come around we retreated to her room (the parents were so lenient, thank fuck) where we watched YouTube for a while and eventually drifted off into a deep sleep. I was out first, followed closely by her, I can only assume.

It was late at night and I had to pee badly. I sat up and looked around, still in a groggy daze. I got out of bed and went down the hall, searching for a bathroom. I grew more desperate by the second as it took longer to find a bathroom. Luckily, if found the bathroom and smiled happily, opening the door. I felt a warm spot growing on the side of my leg though, and that's what shook me awake.

I opened my eyes slowly, fearing that I peed myself. When I reached down and checked, my crotch was dry, but the warm, wet feeling on my leg persisted. I looked over to see my crush latched onto my side smiling happily in her sleep. It took me a few seconds to connect the dots, but I soon realized that my crush was totally peeing herself, no less, with me. I smiled and closed my eyes, simply enjoying the feeling of my crush wetting the bed.

Her pee had started slow, but quickly increased in speed and in power as I felt the pee run perpendicular with my leg and the warm puddle forming underneath us. I'm sure her pants were soaking wet and I couldn't contain my excitement. I had nearly forgotten my own need to pee, and the excitement had me spurting into my underwear. I blushed, but made no attempt to stop it.

As it turned to my side once again to take my turn wetting, I realized that she wasn't asleep anymore. She at first looked shocked, which was easily seeable though the darkness, even without well-adjusted eyes. She still hadn't stopped peeing though and we just kinda slowly relaxed. My pee gushed out uncontrolled just as hers did seconds before. She must've had a mattress cover and I don't think she peed internationally. That's too risky, right?

Anyways, after we were done, we just went back to sleep, resting happily in each other's arms and pee. Like the sneaky little people that we are, we hid our soaked clothes in the morning and Grace washed her sheets before her parents got up. I don't think her parents found out, at least, they hadn't made it known to us if they had. That was one of the hottest wettings I've done BY FAR.

I hope you all enjoyed the story just as much as I did. Please remember to support my flourishing account, because it really does help!

*010*2017-04-05 21:53

{{On 4/3/2017 at 7:11 PM, doockduuckdooc said:

Something similar happened to me and mmy crush

}}

Do tell~

