Drinks and the Alleyway

Author: WetandDripping

*000*2024-05-15 18:53

It was a warm weekday evening, our group of friends and colleagues had gathered in a pub garden to celebrate a colleague getting a new job. When I arrived the first thing I was drawn too was my friend, She was wearing the most amazing tight bodycon dress. When she sat on a table across from ours, my eyes got drawn down. You could see up her skirt.

In the past. Drinks and nights out like this had resulted in a night of love and passion but it was never going to be a proper relationship, the last time we hooked up was amazing, but the morning after she was showering and as the water poured my bladder was bulging. I tried to have a wee in the bathroom as she showered, despite being 10/10 on the bursting scale and the running water, the audience was too much. Howevers he enjoyed that very much finishing her shower she joined me naked in bed putting pressure on my bladder, pulling down my panties and rubbing my vagina, the pleasure amazing, the pressure amazing. All i could think back too was that night as we drank our cocktails.

After hours of the drinks flowing I had a bladder bulge, my panties digging into my bladder, I made for the toilet and lowered my panties, the stream felt great and the relief was sweet. I went to straighten my hair in the mirror and in came my friend, she entered the cubicle and despite just having been I dove into the one adjacent. I was hopefully that I would hear her release, she didn't pee, but she was having a thrill with her vibrator, that was hot.

I left the bathroom and soon after she joined me in the beer garden. We decided to move on as the heat was too much, we decided to walk about 15 minutes to a pub that served food. We did not make the walk in full.

A few minutes in she whispered in my ear "I really need to go" I replied "But didn't you just go?" she blushed and didn't answer, she walked ahead and suggested to the group we stop off in another pub on the way, they said no and to my enjoyment her panic was real. We walked a little further her trying to control the flow that needed to come out when suddenly, drip, drip, drip wet dribbles appeared on the pavement as she walked.

Without warning she grabbed my wrist digging into me, I asked "Whats wrong?", She replied "I need the loo really badly", she dragged me to one side and whispered "Wiggles and becoming Dribbles I need to piss"

I pointed to a nearby alley without hesitation she pulled me toward it but stopped in her tracks and bent over, she pushed my hand against her bladder as she tried to regain control. Bent over she hurried to the alleyway. I now knew the extent of her desperation as my hand had been pressed and felt a warm wet patch on the front of her panties.

"Do you want me to stand guard?" I asked but before I got an answer a squirt and a puddle was appearing on the pavement, she regained control for a moment before pulling aside her panties and letting it all go, the piss streamed and her puddle formed at my shoes, he relief was clear and the view, the view was amazing.

After the stream stopped I offered her a tissue from my handbag, she took it and dried herself, tossing the tissue to one side she started to lower her panties, she handed me them and put on a spare pair from her bag, I didn't know what to do so I hid the wet panties in the zipped section of my bag.

For the rest of the night I became her pee warden, but that meant I had control, I would see her wiggle and think "No i'll leave it a little longer before I let her pee"

We got very drunk and the next day I forgot all this had happened. Until I emptied my bag and found the evidence, all I wanted to do was bury my face in them, so I did. The question now is...do I return them or do I keep them?

*002*2024-05-18 09:31

@slizzoo

That would be fun. She's a bit more petite than me so that could be a struggle to get them to fit. If they fit it would be Cameltoe central.

I suppose on the next night out I could ask her to come to the bathroom with me and share a cubicle. See if she recognises them when I drop them round my ankles.

