Desperate Deliveries (With pictures)

Author: WetWinter

*000*2021-10-04 05:58

I had a pretty exciting omo experience at work today, and while I was originally just gonna write it as a status update, the whole thing was drawn out enough that I've decided to give it its' own topic. Enjoy!

For a bit of background, I'm a trans woman online but I'm closeted irl, so I identify as female, but present male in public; it's not the most flattering situation to mention, but I tell you this cause I figure it'd be kind of confusing to hear me referring to having a dick and boxers otherwise, lol.

Regardless, I've been delivering Amazon packages full-time for a little over two months now, and yes, peeing in a bottle is pretty normalized among the guys there. It's not encouraged officially at all, but a good chunk of the guys do it, either cause they have a lot of deliveries to get through and don't want to waste any time outside of their lunch break, or cause they're delivering in a more rural area without many public bathrooms around. I personally did it once before today for the latter of the two reasons, but honestly, that was mostly for fun, even though I did genuinely have quite a bit to let out.

Today, however, was a different story; it's probably most desperate I've ever been as an adult.

The day started out pretty standard; I drove over to work around 9:00 and drank my morning coffee on the way over, I drove along my route as per usual from 10:00 onward, and I eventually decided to take my lunch break around 3:30 or so at a Subway; at that point I didn't really need to go to the bathroom all that badly, but I was still planning on going anyway, since I hadn't gone since my morning trip to the toilet. However, that didn't end up happening since the couple in line in front of me placed a very thorough order, so I was in line for over 10 minutes. Still, I didn't sweat it during my lunch break, and was feeling satisfied when I got back in the van around 4.

...I was sweating it about an hour later, however, since not only had I drank my morning coffee, but I'd also gone through the two water bottles I picked up during the loudout process before leaving the warehouse. I'd also started drinking from one of the refillable water bottles I brought with me before I got lunch, and I was currently making my way through the lemonade I got during lunch, so all that was starting to weigh on my bladder. (It probably didn't help subconsciously that there was a brief but heavy rainstorm about 15 minutes after my break, lol.) At this point I was probably at about a light 6/10 on the desperation scale; I knew I should use the bathroom, and I knew I was starting to get a little desperate, but it wasn't too bad and I could put it out of mind if needed.

Fast-forward to about 6:30, and I was now at about a light 8/10, and I'd been informed by a text from dispatch about a half-hour beforehand that I'd fallen behind schedule by about an hour over the time since I finished my lunch break. Needless to say, I tried my best to keep up a quick and consistent pace for deliveries, so I was trying not to focus on my bladder too much, but I couldn't fully put it out of mind. 

I don't remember there being any convenient bathroom opportunities during that timeframe I mentioned, but I wouldn't be surprised if that's because I just genuinely missed them since I didn't want to stop. At this point, I was definitely squirming a fair amount and shifting my weight more than usual when I was standing up to sort packages, and I'd resigned to not finishing the refillable water bottle I brought until I found a bathroom.

Over the course of the next hour, though, I realized that I'd need to empty out that bottle because it was starting to look like the most likely opportunity I'd have to empty out my bladder, which at this point was starting to ache very noticeably. Even then, though, I was still reluctant to do it, since by this point it was getting close to 7:30, and it's company policy that drivers can't be out driving for longer than 11 hours, so we're usually required to head back to the station at 8:00.

I was pretty reluctant to do anything other than just keep holding to get my last dozen or so deliveries wrapped up, even though I was literally desperate for any place to relieve myself. (There were probably a good half-dozen times where I wondered if I was in a rural enough yard to just water a nearby tree) Regardless, I managed to rationalize not stopping at a Dollar General I'd passed by a few minutes earlier with the thought of "Well, last time I was there I had to ask the clerk for the bathroom key, so I probably can't afford a stop like that anyway."

I'd come to regret that choice as I drove onto a long hill that branched off of the highway I was driving on, and pulled into the driveway of a little rural home, however.

The box I was dropping off was the last one from the bag I was going through, so I figured I might as well start unloading my final bag and getting the packages sorted. However, at this point I was really straining my bladder sitting at a heavy 9/10 on the desperation scale, so I could barely pick up one box from the bag without pausing to shift my weight from foot to foot or squirm around more. I decided to save the envelopes in the bag for later as I set the last box down in the passenger seat, since at that point I was quite literally holding myself like a little kid as I prepared to exit the van.

After dropping the package off with little fuss, I closed the cargo door of the van and immediately went back to squirming in desperation and trying to control my bursting bladder as it quivered and ached for release. I'd heard that term "quivering" before in other omo stories I'd read, but this time I could truly feel that strong trembling feeling when you're about to burst for myself. In spite of that, I still tried to carry on and finish sorting my last packages, but when I felt a leak spurt out into my boxer-briefs, I knew I had to finally just drop everything and let go.

So I hurriedly scurried back into the cab area of the van to grab my refillable water bottle to finish the last couple sips as fast as possible, only to realize the straw didn't quite reach the water at the bottom, so I grabbed my leftover Subway cup, and just dumped out the water from the bottle to the cup, which my bladder didn't appreciate at all. It protested strongly with a rough wave that sent two more small spurts into my underwear as I panickedly threw the cup from the cargo bay to the passenger seat.

With my relief now in sight, my hands worked overtime to get my belt off, but perhaps because of that my belt resisted and my bladder let out a couple more involuntary leaks as I finally unfastened it; at this point I was too delirious from the feeling of being so close yet so far from release to count the leaks. I was too focused getting that release to even care about any kind of modesty; as soon as the button on my shorts was undone, I threw everything down to my ankles, exposing my lower half entirely as I finally let go.

And with that, I was finally able to just let everything gush out into the bottle... or at least that's what I'd say if I didn't need to go number 2 as well, which kept me from being able to push out all the hot piss I'd stored up at that point. But still, that relief was so much better than continuing to hold it, and I was grateful that everyone at the house I'd stopped at was inside for the evening, because I couldn't hold back a couple involuntary moans of pleasure as I stood there with my dick resting over the half-filled bottle.

For the next half-hour, even though I'd broken the seal on my bladder in that initial bottle pee, the desperation was mostly subsiding while I wrapped up my last few deliveries; I even skipped out on going at the bathroom at the gas station where I was refilling the van, since I was getting back to the warehouse.

However, there's a reason I didn't end the story after the initial pee, and there's a reason I included the "almost made it" tag.

After driving back to the warehouse, getting clocked out, packing up my things, and driving back home with nothing worse than the occasional shake or shiver from my bladder, I arrived home and got ready to eat some late dinner.

However, as I got the hamburger patties my dad grilled for dinner out of the fridge, I felt another small leak rush into my underwear. I stood up straight with some shivers going down my spine, and tried to ignore my returning desperation so I could get back to preparing my late dinner. I knew that running over to the bathroom like a little kid would look really suspicious, but as I walked over to grab some potato chips, I felt another two spurts in my pants and resigned to using the toilet first.

So I speedwalked over to the bathroom, my desperation mounting, and as soon as I saw the toilet, my bladder rejoiced. However, that rejoice was done far too early, as I hadn't taken off my shorts or my belt yet. In spite of that, the pee was trying so hard to rush out of me that my desperation skyrocketed to a 10/10 as the leaks in my boxer-briefs grew into streams that I could feel soaking through into my shorts and dribbling down my legs. I frantically tried to unfasten my belt again, and I managed to get it off just a second before the stream really hit full force. However, I must've been a bit too frantic, cause when I pulled out my dick from my boxer-briefs, it was pointing directly at the unzipped fly of my shorts, and I just barely had a second to maneuver it over to the toilet bowl in time without making a mess on the floor.

You could say that I "just made it," since I peed in the toilet more than my underwear, but I mean, I don't think you can really say you "made it," when the crotch section of your undies are soaked, your outer pants are damp in the crotch, and your legs have droplets of fresh urine on them.

In spite of that description, though, I was still able to eat my dinner in peace even though I was secretly wet under the table, so my leakage must not've been too obvious, hehe.

Regardless of how you want to classify it, though, I'm still glad I finally got to have my own substantial omo experience to share on here, even if it was a little stressful.

Anyway, to end this long post, here are two pics, one of the half-filled bottle I used at work:&&

And one of my wet underwear a couple hours after that last half-accident:&&

I wish the lighting on both of these was a little better, but I hope you can appreciate them and my story nonetheless.

$

*002*2021-10-06 07:52

{{20 hours ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Hot story! I saw a delivery driver pee up against the side of his truck at the end of my driveway a couple weeks ago, and wondered how desperate he must have been to do that on a fairly busy street….and now I know lol!

}}

Glad to be of service, lol. I will say though, that guy might've been even more desperate than I was if he was willing to do it outside the truck.

{{20 hours ago, holdit247 said:

I wrote a fiction story on this topic

$/69297-one-failure-leads-to-another/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1916862&embedComment=1916862&embedDo=findComment#comment-1916862"

Nice description of your situation by the way 😁

}}

Thanks for the compliment on the description; I ended up getting a lot more lost in the writing process than I thought I would, haha. Maybe I should try writing some omo fiction myself in the future.

