First Wetting Accident Sighting

Author: WetDave

*000*2016-10-14 19:03

For the first time in my life today I saw another adult who'd wet himself accidentally.

Walking back from work today I passed a house where a couple of builders were building a new garden wall. I'm always interested to see some building work being done so I glanced at what they were up to as I passed.

The wall was only about 3 feet high and one guy was laying some bricks and the other one was stood nearby not doing anything much. Both were wearing blue builders' overalls. My attention was initially on the guy working but when I looked towards the other I saw he had clearly pissed himself. It was unmistakable, it couldn't feasibly be anything else. Being experienced in wetting myself I do know exactly what a male wetting accident looks like and how it differs from just soiling something! The wet area spread from his crotch to his ankles all the way down the inside of his left leg and round to the front of the leg. His right leg was wet down to nearly his ankle but not nearly so wide a wet area as on his left leg. Like me I suspect he keeps his cock on his left.

He was standing sideways to the road, I guess to make it less visible, but he had to turn when the other guy asked him for something. Basically they were continuing to work even though he'd wet himself.

It must have happened quite recently. The wet area was obviously still soaking wet and the edges of the wet area were still sharply defined. I think it must have happened within the last 5 to 10 minutes.

I am thinking that they were working while the house owner was out and thus did not have access to the bathroom. Working at the front of the house on a main road he wouldn't have been able to pee in the garden so I guess he'd just tried to hold it all afternoon and failed.

I'd have liked to have seen more but it would have been rude to stare and embarrassing for him so all my observation was in a just a few seconds.

Maybe not the most exciting wetting - but the first I've ever seen with an adult.

*003*2016-10-15 19:14

{{19 hours ago, Snowpants said:

}}

*004*2016-10-15 19:25

{{5 hours ago, naughty_lucy420 said:

That's awesome! Like @Snowpants

I would have said something to them. Like "Wow, that's a really nice wall! I have a friend looking to have a retaining wall done. What company are you from?"

I've also seen road crew workers desperate a number of times (usually the guys or girls who hold the slow/stop signs).

}}

I'm a straight male so seeing a man who's wet himself isn't much of a turn-on for me, but is still of interest. I should have done as you suggested and spoken to them but in the shock of the moment I didn't think of it. Also I'd have hated to embarrass the guy any more, although having said that he did not seem excessively embarrassed - perhaps it's happened to him a few times and he's used to it.

Anyway it was quite a surprise to me seeing this as the first time I've noticed another adult who's wet themselves. I have always assumed that almost nobody ever wet themselves as an adult but perhaps it's more frequent than I realised. I'll keep an eye out for it in future.

