Yes...I Peed At A Haunted House...

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-11-09 05:59

So I've been sort of AWOL these past few weeks; sorry, sorry. I really haven't even opened the site, considering the fact I've been trying to back off a little bit from the omorashi. But this happened about a week and a half ago, like right before Halloween. I had gotten invited by my old high school friend to a haunted house, and I love being scared, so why not?

Of course, I scare easily, so a haunted house would be perfect for me...right? My friend, Maddy, had called me up after my class let out, inviting me along. She had asked if I was free the next day, which I was, and we began talking about going to a haunted house. We started chatting excitedly about how it would be.

"It'll be so cool," Maddy said. "I haven't been to a haunted house in a few years."

I've never really been to a haunted house to be honest. And I said that to Maddy and she seemed surprised.

"Really? Some are sort of corny but there's one that's actually really scary from what I've heard," she said.

"How scary?" I asked.

"Um...scary enough to probably make me pee my pants!" She laughed. When she said that, a wave of excitement flew through my body. Now, I'm not necessarily attracted to Maddy per se, but the vision of seeing her piss herself in fright made me tick. The odds of it happening were slim, especially if she used the bathroom beforehand. So I came up with an idea.

"I have a really funny idea," I told her over the phone. "What if we both drank a bunch of water beforehand, and have a contest to see who will pee their pants first in the haunted house?"

Maddy laughed and said, "I mean, it's a good idea but I'll lose, I know it. I'll be so embarrassed if I pee myself. No way."

I kept trying to convince her, but Maddy is more of a shy girl, so I understood why. Then, I came up with a better idea. I hadn't actually wet myself in public in a while, and a haunted house would be perfect for it. As you all know, I don't intentionally pee my pants in public, because I hate being embarrassed. But afterwards, the thought of what happened usually makes me horny.

So I decided to have a fake accident instead. The deal was, I was going to drink a lot of water, and build up my bladder. Then, I was going to try to hold it as much that I could during the haunted house. But I planned on, by the end of the night, peeing myself.

So, I did what I planned, and drank a lot of water. Probably 2 3/4 water bottles worth. I decided to wear a pair of my rather tighter jeans on me, and I had on blue panties. I also decided to put on a belt to really tighten things up. By the time I had arrived and saw Maddy, I had to somewhat go. It was a mild discomfort. We had to wait in a really long line, which didn't exactly do any justice to my bladder, and by the time we began the attraction, I was about a 6.

The attraction itself was pretty creepy, there were a lot of strobe lights making me very dizzy. I was also shuffling a lot, and my legs were sore. My legs weren't the only thing hurting. About halfway through, I was about an 8. Maddy was in front of me, and I moaned hopelessly.

"I need to pee so bad!" I said, instantly turning myself on. Admitting it to someone that I have to pee also really makes me horny, side-note.

"Why didn't you pee before?"

"I don't know...I'm gonna piss myself!"

"Oh my god Molly!"

We kept going on, until it happened.

Have you ever been so scared, that while you're screaming, you feel so helpless you start crying?

Toward the end, someone jumped out behind a bush with a chainsaw, screaming, which obviously scared the living piss out of me. Literally. I screamed, and did that sort of "running backwards in place" thing that everyone does when they're scared. But as I was screaming, my floodgates opened and I started to let out some pee. Not a lot, but it was enough to stain the crotch of my jeans. I was so scared and helpless, that I instantly began crying. I don't really know why, but the chainsaw guy scared me so badly.

"Go go go!" I urged Maddy, sobbing away. We came to a little field, and it got really quiet. My panties were damp. I felt my jeans, which also were slightly damp, too. At this point, I didn't want to pee myself, it didn't matter. I was so scared, that I wanted to just get out of the place. There was a sign at the end of the field that said "End," so we started hustling toward it. Then...

A fucking clown.

A Pennywise-ass motherfucker came barrel-assing out of a mini-cornfield screaming his head off, and this is what did it for me. I ended up crouching, almost in the fetal position, screaming and crying. I didn't realize that I was actually wetting my jeans until after Maddy grabbed my arm and pulled me up, and we started running again. Except I was running really slowly, because I started to notice the familiar warm feeling going down my legs. We finally got out of the haunted house, and stepped into the light, which was right when I finished peeing. Maddy said, "ew...what's that smell," turned around, and saw my jeans. My thighs were soaked, my ass was soaked, part of my shirt was soaked, my shoes were wet....everything was wet.

Maddy immediately began laughing, and I was still crying about the clown. I didn't realize that we were in front of a bunch of people until I looked up and saw a bunch of people staring. They were in the line at the entrance, which was right next to the exit. Some were laughing, others tried to avoid eye contact, and a few kids pointed to their parents at me. I was a mess.

We walked back to the parking lot, and I calmed down. I realized that I didn't have my extra pants in my car, so I had to sit and drive home with my soaked jeans. My heart still pounded from the experience. When I got home, I walked in, and Emily was sitting in her chair. She looked up, said "Hi!" and saw my jeans.

"Really?" She asked, and I quickly walked into the bathroom.

"I don't want to talk about it Emily!" and I closed the door. I showered, but I snuck my jeans into the bedroom. I waited until Emily fell asleep in her bed, and then I turned on my light, and stared at the mess I had made in my jeans.

As I thought more and more about the experience, the hornier I got, per usual. Finally, I threw off my shorts and panties, and began fingering myself intensely. The fantasy of Maddy peeing herself came up in my thoughts, the look on her face when she saw that I peed my jeans came up, and the thought of the entire experience and the details that happened entered my mind as I rubbed my clit. Then, I climaxed when I remembered how I started crying when the chainsaw guy came at me and I had to grab ahold of my crotch. I shuddered, and then let out a hard moan when I lurched forward. I moaned a couple times in fact. But I saw Emily stir in her sleep, and I quickly threw on my blanket and turned out the light.

Hope everyone enjoyed! This was a fun but a really scary experience. Wouldn't really recommend. :P

