Holiday accident

Author: wetchris

*000*2020-08-11 12:24

I have been away on a course and one day was a free day to do what we like.

As you probably know Britain is affected by this Coronavirus and one of the effects is that people are holidaying at home rather than going abroad so places are a lot more crowded than usual. I hadn’t really appreciated this.

I wanted to visit a nature reserve on the coast but I did my homework to make sure it was open and that the café and toilets were functioning.

I had about an hour’s drive and by the time I got there I was ready to have a piss – about 7/10.

But as I approached the site I was greeted by a line of cars queuing to get in. Normally this is unheard of for a nature reserve. I joined the queue but then a chap came along to say it was so busy they had closed the car park. It was off a stretch of main road so there was nowhere else to park.

I don’t know about others but as soon as something unexpected like this happens my anxiousness and concern grows and it immediately increases my urgency and I’m now 8/10.

Thinking quickly I remember another seaside place about five minutes drive away and proceed to turn the car around. I am soon there but only to be greeted by another long line of cars queuing to get into the large car park.

At the same time I am drawn to some public toilets where there is a queue of about 15 people. The place is heaving – unheard of on a Thursday afternoon.

But I just cant leave the car and then a chap passing by tells me the car park is full and everyone is trying to turn around.

It took me about ten minutes to get out of there and I’m now at a 9/10 and am squeezing my cock through my shorts knowing I am close to an accident. You’ll see from the pics that I had khaki shorts on with blue briefs underneath.

I reach the main road again and decided just to head off down a country lane to try and find somewhere to pee. Then it happens and I just have to sit there as I wet myself. No little leaks just a …ing flood.

I was really distraught to be honest. My day was ruined because I couldn’t go anywhere else in that state.

Had I started to leak I would have jumped out and put something under me to save the seat but there was no time. Very unusual not to have a at least a couple of leaks come out before really losing control.

So I just abandoned my afternoon out and headed back to the hotel. When I got back I held some bags infront of me to hide the wet patch and hoped no one saw the wetness on the back of my shorts. But being afternoon there were few people around.

&&

&&

&&

