24 hours of peeing outside the toilet

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-01-06 21:40

I'm trying to go 24 hours with no pees in the toilet and I'm pretty close! Unforunately my break is almost over so I'm busy doing work stuff at home but hopefully that means the time will pass by quickly.

I last peed in the toilet 23 hours ago yesterday before doing a big hold, and I lost control and peed my pants 6 hours later.

I then tried to go to bed bursting after a very intense 3 hour hold and blissfully flooded my pants again.

I haven't taken a morning pee today (which is a first, very exciting) and have had a little water (~14 ounces over 3.5 hours now) and so far I'm feeling good, maybe 6/10. My goal is to make it one more hour my time without using the toilet or peeing my pants!

If I make it I will have gone 24 hours without the toilet and peed only twice, both in my pants where all pee should be of course! 😊🌧️👖

*001*2023-01-06 22:36

Idk if anyone is still paying attention to these threads lol, but I made it 24 hours with just 2 pees and still holding! I have been holding my pee for 14 hours (including sleeping for 8). I'm honestly doing quite well, I feel like I can keep holding for a while

*004*2023-01-06 23:01

My bladder is really firm now, and bulging a LOT. I'm starting to get some intense waves but I feel like I'm still doing really doing well! I'm at an 8 out of 10 but mentally no more than a 7, I'm in this for the long haul 😈 mwahaha

I can't believe I've made it through 15 hours without a pee and am continuing to hold with little struggle. It's really true that if you let yourself fill up slowly you can settle into the feeling much more easily

*006*2023-01-06 23:05

{{Just now, Seifer69 said:

I think you can hold 24 hours the way you're going

}}

Slow and steady bursts her bladder! haha

*008*2023-01-06 23:52

17 hours on the clock since I last peed. My bladder is rock hard and stretching, I have a significant and obvious bulge, definitely at least a 9 if not 9.5/10. I pretty much can't stop squirming and rocking in bed and I just lost a trickle, which has been my first real leak (beyond a tiny one) since I decided to start holding my morning pee this morning

*010*2023-01-06 23:57

{{3 minutes ago, Seifer69 said:

You can hold it longer

}}

You're absolutely right, but now that my bladder is no longer rock hard I think I'll have to remedy that and replace the pressure. I'm gonna have a small glass of water and continue my hold. I think 20 hours should be reasonable, after all I've come this far

*012*2023-01-06 23:59

Even 3 more hours feels like it would be crazy but I find once I tell myself peeing isn't an option, its easier to settle into the urge and get comfortable with it. Time to fill back up now😖

*014*2023-01-07 00:03

Fuck, I just leaked again, and I just drank 5 ounces more

*016*2023-01-07 00:37

I'm laying in very wet jeans in a very warm soggy bed right now...

*018*2023-01-07 00:41

I made it to 17.5 hours! Very proud of myself! I had no idea I could last that long

