Pants that stay warm when wet?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-08-17 21:20

Anyone know of any pants that stay warm when wet? Lately I've really been preferring wetting in shorts, especially if I'm planning to leak slowly over a period of a few hours or stay in my wet clothes and pee myself again later. I find that the pee that's close to my crotch/bum stays warm but once it runs down my legs in pants, the wet fabric gets cold quickly. In shorts, it just goes down my legs and air dries quickly. Anyone found anything that doesn't get cold?

*003*2022-08-19 19:07

{{On 8/17/2022 at 11:15 PM, Varys said:

Snow pants are pretty good at that. You tend to see a lot of snow pants threads around winterish time.

}}

I actually LOVE wetting in snowpants and used to let out little spurts for fun when I was learning to ski. Unfortunately not practical where I live for this time of year but yeah they're great. They're also fantastic for holding the wetness inside, you can sit on furniture or lie in bed even and not worry about it soaking to the outside if you have a good waterproof pair

*007*2022-08-21 08:42

{{15 hours ago, Showerproof said:

It's sitting versus standing and natural versus man-made fibres. So cotton underwear and wetting sitting are comfortable, but if you want to pee standing in trousers then polyester is good because the legs dry quickly so it doesn't feel cold for long.

}}

Oh I actually have a pair of polyester fleecey pj pants, I should definitely christen them with a pee soon and see how they work because that sounds like what you're describing

*010*2022-08-21 20:08

{{On 8/20/2022 at 12:57 PM, Showerproof said:

It's sitting versus standing and natural versus man-made fibres. So cotton underwear and wetting sitting are comfortable, but if you want to pee standing in trousers then polyester is good because the legs dry quickly so it doesn't feel cold for long.

}}

A good seated wetting can be really nice because the warm wetness pools around your crotch and bum, which keeps it toasty longer. I love the feeling of pee streaming down my legs as much as the next omo enthusiast but it sucks how quickly it cools

