A Day With a Small Bladder

Author: WetDave

*000*2025-09-03 21:12

Having seen some posts on "Omorashi General" about huge bladders, 1 to 2 litres and more, and feeling a bit inferior with my tiny 250ml bladder, I thought I would check how often I peed in a day and write it up. This is what it is like having a tiny bladder!

A Day with a Small Bladder:

6:30. I wake up, and have to rush to the toilet to pee. Unfortunately as usual I have morning wood and it's pointing at the ceiling. Some contortion is necessary to aim at the toilet.

7.00. A second pee before going out with the dog as a precaution. I seem to get so desperate so quickly in the morning - probably because my morning coffee goes through me so fast when I've got an empty stomach.

7.45 In the park with the dog I have an urgent need to pee and go in some bushes. Fortunately it is quiet at this time so it's no problem – in the past I've had to rush home desperately holding my pee because there are too many people around.

8.30. Somehow I'm desperate for a pee again as I get home. I rush in and head straight for the bathroom however before I can do so I've peed a bit in my jeans. There's now a wet patch and a wet line down the inside of my thigh. Oh well, these jeans are going in the wash tomorrow anyway, but I use some toilet paper to absorb some of the wetness.

9.30. I need a pee again but am determined to hold it a bit longer. I manage another 15 minutes then give in and pee around 9.45.

12:15. Somehow I've managed not to go pee for nearly three hours! But now I go again before lunch.

13:45. Another pee.

15:30. I'm outside in the garden. I've had a slight urge to pee for a little while but now it becomes urgent. I decide to go indoors and use the toilet, but before I can do so I've had another slight accident in pants. I just get my cock out and empty the rest of my bladder in the garden. I inspect the damage but it's minor, just a small wet spot.

17:00. Uneventful pee. Just a bit of a nuisance to interrupt what I was doing to have to go pee.

19:00. Pee again before walking the dog. I know it will be hard to hold it during the dog walk so I always have a precautionary pee before going out.

20:45. My desperation has been building up while out walking the dog. I'm trying to hurry her up to get home and pee. However I start leaking in my pants. By the time I get home there is a wet patch the size of my hand on the front of my jeans. It doesn't matter, they'll go in the wash tomorrow.

21:00 I pee again when I get home.

21:30. I pee while I'm in the shower (I almost always do this, it's kind of hard not to with the running water).

22:30. last pee before bed.

I make that 14 times during the day.

