My boyfriend's balloon

Author: Wide

*000*2019-07-19 20:51

A story of my boyfriend being weird last weekend:

I had woken up and walked into the living room to find my boyfriend sitting on the couch in a pair of my gym shorts. This was way out of his character, as he normally wore jeans or khakis that fit him tightly. On top of that, I'm rather large compared to him, so the shorts were probably an few X's to big for him. He was on his phone, with his breakfast on the side table next to him.

"What's up with the shorts?" I asked

"I've got no where to be, am I not allowed to be comfortable?" He says, slightly defensively.

"I guess that's fair, it's just different for your style."

I continue my day, and come to sit down in the living room. We watch The Price is Right for a while, till I hear the familiar hissing of my boyfriend wetting himself, which is a very common thing on weekends. I glance over, and instead of a wet spot forming on his shorts and the chair, the front of his pants start expanding.

"What the heck?" I say in reaction. "What are you doing?"

"Calm down, it's a balloon. You've peed in balloons before, we both have." He explains.

He was right. We'd both definitely used balloons in this manner before, it's enjoyable. We've bought large balloons before for that purpose. I just was taken aback by the surprise of not being able to see the balloon. He finishes peeing, and we continue as normal. He doesn't get up at any point, knowing full well the balloon will shift if he stands, releasing the pee in it. I continue the day as normal, also bringing him lunch and numerous bottles of water, while he continues peeing in this balloon.

Later in the night, I'm sitting next to my boyfriend, while he still has the balloon in place. The hissing sound returns, and the ballon expands further. By now, my shorts are tight around the balloon, probably getting stretched out by the balloon. I suddenly realize that the balloon is probably gonna pop soon, but before I can say anything, I'm too late. Within a few seconds, the balloon pops, and his/my are instantly soaked. Piss runs its way out of the shorts, through the oversized waist band, the legs, and even seeping through the soaked fabric. The couch is covered in the liquid, and a puddle spreads across the floor. He's soaked, I'm soaked, everything is covered in pee. We spent quite some time cleaning after that, lots of Febreze.

Just a casual Saturday in our house, honestly.

