3 hour plane ride

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2024-12-03 03:24

I was out on week long work trip to the east coast back in 2019 (the exact details of this story are probably wrong since it was so long ago, feel free to ask for more details on anything here, im trying to recall this from memory), there was a group of us though I supposed thats not really relevant. Going to try not to give specifics of where I am from or where I was, just because im a girl on the internet, but I am from a major city in the middle of flyover country and was at a major east coast city. Anyway, like normal responsible adult I had used the bathroom at the airport prior to when our flight was supposed to depart, however it got delayed, just a short delay like 20 mins, nothing to worry about. Except after 20 mins it was delayed another 20...and another 20.... leaving not much time for one to leave the gate area.

After about 2 hours of this we FINALLY board the flight, better late than never and we get on our way for our little over 3 hour flight back to the midwest. One of my coworkers who was in her 50's was sitting next to me in the very back of the plane. After we get airborne and the seatbelt light turns off she is the first one up to use the bathroom. I realize I kinda had to go to since I had last peed before the original departure time but I was not too concerned with it. Well after what feels like way too long in the bathroom my coworker comes back and tells me quietly

"sooo i think I broke the bathroom"

"you...broke it?"

"yeah the handle is stuck, I spent like 5 mins trying to fix it but its stuck flushing"

"omg!!"

"yeah I would...maybe not use that"

Well, crap I thought to myself, Im super self conscience about getting up to use the bathroom on a plane as is, and the one Im sitting near is broken. Ugh. At I didnt have to pee that bad.

There was an sudoku puzzle that I had, that I got out, she had never heard it so I tried to explain it to her before she said that she was wayy to tired to comprehend what I was saying and that she was going to fall asleep for the flight. Ok fine, let me just pull out my phone and earbuds annnnnnnnnnnnnd I forgot to download literally anything, great. Time to do the puzzle on my own I guess. So I start to work on the puzzle and I get the feeling I was hoping to avoid, I had to pee!!!!

And it was like the urgent urge to go to if that makes sense. Like the kind that makes you think I gotta go now! Luckily I could physically still hold it. but the puzzle was nearly done and I had no music to listen to!!

So for the next two hours I had to deal with the urgent need to pee with nothing to distract myself but the window. Now I love a window seat dont get me wrong but damnit was this miserable. And my coworker seemed to be a deep sleep along with everyone else on the plane (lts like 11pm) so I just had to sit there and endure. Oh and im a massive worrier when I need to go and dont have access to the bathroom so I was lost in my thoughts hoping my bladder would behave and not get any worse.

Fast forward to the end of my 3 hour flight. I am getting real antsy to get off the plane. My coworker finally wakes up when the cabin lights come on and the pilots tell everyone to prepare for landing. She doesnt really say much besides waking up and getting her bearings straight, which was fine because all I could think about was peeing anyway!

The plane comes into land and we hit HARD, and it did not feel pleasant to say the least, I tensed up and swore under my breath at the jolt to my bladder, which embarrassingly enough my coworker heard.

"you ok there"

"yeah I just would really like to get off this plane if you know what I mean"

"ah....well it shouldnt be too much longer"

And of course the worse part about sitting in the back, we had to wait FOREVER for everyone to get off the plane. I was sitting on the edge of seat cursing every single person in front of me in my head. while I wasnt in danger of peeing myself, my bladder was NOT happy. My coworker who clearly knew I had to go, offered to get my carry-on bag from the overhead for me since she had the aisle seat. That was a huge help as I was able to grab it from her and walk briskly off the plane without having to deal with that.

The first thing I see after getting into the airport was a freaking line for the bathroom, of course! but it was like 1:30am now with the timezone change and the airport was completely empty. Lucky for me I knew there were other bathrooms along the way to leave. Before I say anything to my coworker she says "dont wait around for me Ill see you monday!" I wished her a good weekend and walked at a fairly brisk pace to the next set of bathrooms.

When I made it , there were no lines and only a few other ladies that had the same idea as me so I was able to get into a stall right away! It felt amazing to finally go, having to deal with a nonstop urge to pee for like 3 hours is excruciating and made time go by so slow!

*005*2024-12-03 12:13

{{9 minutes ago, DespAndHold said:

Did you make any noises in relief when did go?

}}

I mean nothing anybody would have heard lol. Tho im pretty sure i let out a big sigh of relief!

*007*2024-12-04 00:53

{{57 minutes ago, SquattieHottie said:

Oh man, flying can be super sketch esp with all the drinks they hand out on some flights, the 'turbulence'/stay seated signs.... glad you didn't lose it but that sounds really uncomfy. I always arrive early & pee before boarding! but sometimes still have to use plane toilet lol ugh. feels like the altitude makes it worse for some reason.

}}

Oh i did NOT take a drink on this flight lol. and yes it was so uncomfy and stressful even though I had no concerns about holding it.

I did pee before boarding....just for the original time and not the delayed time lol

