Motorbike wetting experiences

Author: wetgarth

*000*2023-06-27 12:03

Amongst many of my activities I enjoy riding my motorbike and have combined this on occasion with my enjoyment of wetting as the black textile riding trouser or waterproof over trousers are ideal for making deliberate wettings less obvoius and wondered if anyone else has had similar experiences they might want to share.

I have in the past, when caught in a storm while on a ride simply peed my pants whilst riding to add to the experience, the only problem being that it tends to flow down your legs and into your boots, not that it's unpleasant but obviously proper motorbike boots can be expensive.

Anyway yesterday was an unplanned but deliberate wetting.

I was returning for a trip away and had a long 4hr ride home which was unavoidably mostly made up of motorway sections (boring).

To set the scene a litlle. I was wearing my black CK boxerbreifs but as part of the journey involved a ferry, I wore my light walking trousers under my motorbike trouser so that whilst on the ferry I could walk round unhindered by the heavy and over warm bike gear. I planned to make it back with only 2/3 stops at the most. So as I departed the ferry I put on my biking trousers over my walking trousers and set of. 1st stop was after about 1 1/2 hours an filled up with fuel, a bite to eat and a coffee. 

I was making good progress and got to wondering if I could get away with wetting in what I was wearing. I had just bought some new boots so didn't want to risk ruining them by peeing whilst riding as it would inveitably pool in them and probably make them stink. As the sun was shining, I hatch a plan which became more and more obsessive. I planned to stop at one of the motorway service which I knew was about 1hr from home and potentially sit down somewhere and let a few spurts out into my pants (my gear was all going to get washed when I got back). As I neared the servives I was staring to get a strong urge to pee anyway so a plan was hatched.

I pulled into the services and parked the bike at the edge of the parking area away from the actual main building but near the entrance of the parking area. There was a grassy bank next to where I had parked that was in the sun and perfect place to get off the bike and stretch my legs for a few minutes, and possibly some wetting. So I sat on the grassy bank with bottle of water and my bike in view (with the entrance road between me and my bike). A good place to relax for a few minutes. My plan was to just let a few spurts out into my pants to enjoy a little wetness, however I am not very good at controlling when I have a full bladder and this would be another one of those occasions.

After the first small spurt, which didn't feel all that much, I decided to let a bigger spurt go which, I then imediately felt the warmth soaking round to my bum. Then another larger spurt but immediately after, came an even stronger urge and as I was feeling very mischeivous thought, what the heck, and let it go full force flooding my pants, walking trousers and seeping throught my biking trousers into the grassy bank. Even on a hot day, I could really feel the heat of my hot pee flowing first up then tricking down between my legs, over my balls and pooling under my bum. All the time whilst doing this, people in cars were driving past as they entered the service area. I looked down on several occasions being supprised and relieved that there was no obvious visual wetting signs, either on my clothes or the grass. I however knew differently and was enjoying sitting in my own puddle. I was in plain view to everyone as they went past but no one knew what I was doing.

For me,this felt very daring and exciting - the remaining 1 hr ride home felt much better and was much more enjoyable.

Anyone else got any similar experiences they want to share?

