Almost public accident

Author: wetnessgold

*000*2016-10-26 02:37

Hello, my name is Daphné i'm 20 years hold and I'm new on this site.

Since I have been reading stories here for some time, I decided to share one of mine too^^ (english is not my native language so sorry if it will contain mistakes)

This happened 2 weeks ago, I finally found the nerves to try to be desperate in public and hold it until I return to my house to finally have a real accident on purpose. I planned to study all day in the university library, wich is about 10 minutes from where I live, and drink coffee and water. So I woke up as usually, had my shower, drank my morning coffee, I packed my course, a bottle of water and my thermos of coffee, and went to the library.

In the morning I was more concentrate on my lessons than in planning my desperation (I just drank a coffee and nothing more) the only thing that took me of from my course was my stomach saying "it's lunch time my dear", I went to cafeteria ate a sandwich and drank my bottle of water (500ml) and a coffee. I was planning that all this liquid would go through my body to my bladder in 1 hour maybe less since coffee is a diuretic so when it would reach my bladder I will have to hold it for 8 hours (the library close at 22:00) so I mustn't drink more before 20h00 because i didn't want to lose control and ashamed myself in front all the other students.

I returned to studies and after some time I began to feel that my bladder was filling, but I was still able to concentrate on my lessons. Around 16h I just lost interest in what I was reading, I just went back to cafeteria to drink some water, refill my bottle and drink some coffee, I spend 1 hour on my phone checking facebook and other things but even with that I didn't want to go back and study so I send messages to my best friends and I found out that they were doing the homeworks of biology in the same library so I joined them, my need to pee was under control and I could always excuse myself if necessary.

We began to work on exercices and chatting(there are little rooms in wich we can talk for group works). By 20h00 I decided that real desperation must begin, we were almost done with exercises when I served myself 2 cups of coffee, one of my friend saw this and said that I wasn't going to sleep tonight with all this coffee then began a discussion about coffee and its effects, while participing to the debate I drank some water. So at that moment I have been holding a little need to pee for 5hours and in a few moment 2 coffees and approximatly 250ml were going to hit my bladder when I realised this, I became more aware of my need to pee (in a scale of 1 to 10 I just went from 5-6 to 8).

I began to worry about the possible loss of control that may happen in the following hours. I then try to calm down "okay Daphné, a few seconds ago you were fine and now you think you are about to drench your clothes ! it's in your mind not only you can hold it but you will hold it until 22h00 and go back home before emptying your bladder that's what you are going to do!" and it worked my urge to pee disapeared. Once we finished all the exercises my friends began to pack up their books and things but I told them that I will keep studying until library close. But my best friend change her mind and told me she was going to stay with me. Well that wasn't planned at all but I couldn't ask her to leave me alone without a good reason so I just smiled...

A few minutes later when the coffee had his diuretic effects on me I began to panic, my bladder was filling much faster than I planned and my bladder was tired from holding my pee all the afternoon, soon I would be with a real urge to piss and it will be impossible to calm it down... but I thought that I will not go to the toilet, not yet and if it really began to be critical the restroom wasn't so far. Some moment later I began fidgetting crossing and uncrossing my legs, quickly I reached the point where it was impossible for me to stop moving my legs and rocking back and forth, of course my friend noticed it and with a laugh told me to go to the bathroom before I leak in my panties to wich I answered that I can hold it, I'm not going to wet myself.

After a few minutes of pee dancing in my chair my friend told me "hey Daphné if you really need to pee just go to the bathroom I swear that your lessons will not fly away". At this moment I was in real trouble so I said "yes you're right" and carefully began to stand up, and walk to the bathroom. When I reached them I tried to open the door but it was locked, OMG it can't be locked I'm desperate, then some pee drops managed their way out of my bladder and I knew I was not going to make it, I half walked half ran back to the room. My friends looked at me and ask me if I was okay, I was sweating I was pee dancing like hell, "they have closed the bathroom and I'm going to have a major accident!" right as I said this word the strongest spurt of pee came out I felt it soaking my panties and going up front and back, my jaw dropped with the sudden loss of control...

With an inbelieveble effort I managed to stop the flow but the damage was done a wet stain has formed between my legs and it was even worse from behind, it looked like i had sat on a wet bench after a rain and of course I was wearing grey leggins to show the whole world that I am stupid and that I don't know what a toilet is... My friend saw this, I was humiliated, "Okay don't worry it's just a leak you can hold the rest in" she said helping me with my books.We rushed out of library toward my house, I don't know how I made it there without finishing wetting my pants, I said good bye to my friend while running to the front door, I rushed in and began to lose control, I was spurting, more and more often when I opened the bathroom door I lost it pee burst out of my bladder it was drenching my panties pantyhose and leggin, it was going so fast that it felt like I had a pool inside my panties, and since I was wearing boots my feet were bathing in pee.

Even after it stopped I remained still, shocked by the quantity a pee that had just came out, the whole bathroom floor was wet (it's a smalls bathroom but .... )and pee was going under the door. I decided to clean up the floor before cleaning myself, my pee was becoming cold but I didn't care I was tired, when I finished washing the floor I sat on the toilet and began to pee more it felt really good rewarming my drenched clothes. I then looked myself in a mirror and I was amazed by how wet I was all the back of my leggins the crotch and between the legs were a daker shade of grey than the rest, I took of my boots, and empty them in the toilet, my pantyhose was black so it show no signs of my pee but through it I saw my pink panties with this wet patch I felt so sexy and decided to keep wearing them until bedtime touching, caressing myself through them .

*004*2016-11-04 17:25

Thank you ^^

