Come Play Mojikue! (Challenge)

Author: Weeet

*000*2025-06-08 06:56

Heya hi! This might be a long message so, bear with me.

Before you click away: This post is about the possibility of playing a game with me. Not actually, but in a sense as you add to my own self-inflicted challenge while I play popular Omorashi game Mojikue.

If that doesn't sound interesting, you can leave. If it does, I ask you read just a little longer as I explain in more detail what this is about.

Basically, I, the little Weeet, have started an adventure of playing a popular game here on this sight called Mojikue (I believe... that's what the file is called anyways). However, when first playing this game, I realized a few flaws that I wished to correct. Not flaws of the game makers themselves (cause this game is amazing, both story wise and fan service wise, really, go check it out, it's on this site), but of playing these games in general:

The artwork is amazing, but it wasn't quite enough to push me to that satisfaction I wanted so badly. The game is incredible, but I just didn't feel the rush of adrenaline of actually partaking on a new adventure. The game is so amazing, I feel like I could finish it in a single session.

So, how could I, the little Weeet, solve this issue? Simple. I set myself a challenge while playing the game. Here are the kind of simple rules I made for myself while playing to give me that excitement I was missing:

Every time a girl of my team drinks any sort of liquid, I take two gulps of water (because the audio file of them drinking the liquid has them take two gulps). This include cutscenes where it is implied a girl has drank water. I am only allowed to go to the bathroom if I defeat a boss without a single girl peeing and without me leaking throughout the entire battle area leading to that boss. Which is incredibly difficult, believe it or not. To make the rule number 2. harder, if I use my money to buy healing items, they always have to be Diuretic healing items and I can only use the free water the game gives if it is a last resort.

If I absolutely want to relieve some pressure, I can only leak during scenes where a character is peeing in any way. If I leak during any other moment, I must go back to my last save file. If I want to give up and wet myself, I can only do so during a scene where a character is wetting themselves and I stop playing for the day. If I do so during any other moment, I must quit my session and I'll retake two save files back. I cannot turn of battles appearing at anytime. Even if I'm super desperate and just wanna finish an area, I must not only let monsters attack me, but always fight them. If I "lose" the challenge for the day, aka: wetting myself, I cannot put pants on until the next morning.

Now, I've already gotten pretty far into the game. However, I'm feeling like spicing things up even further. So, I turn to you, lovely Omorashi community. You who have given me so much, I want to offer a chance to give back.

I have yet to ever succeed this challenge. I've always failed and never really on purpose. It's hard. Really hard.

But I'm getting good at this game. And I'm getting closer to passing this challenge.

So, to prevent that from happening, why don't you guys make it harder for me?

Here's what I'm thinking. When I'm playing the game, I'll send a message here saying I've started to play. Then, I'll send updates on; The conditions of my girls, if I'm entering a battle zone and my own condition. You guys will be able to then send messages just to react, to give me good or bad advice, to ask me questions or to try and make the challenge harder by telling me to do things in the game or in real life. Keep in mind a few things:

- You can't just tell me to pee myself or leak. No fun, no fair.

- I'm not at the start of the game. I'm not restarting just for this, but if this challenge is fun, I can restart the game after I'm done and add more intense rules to compensate for my new expertise in the game.

- I don't live alone. I live with people who don't know what I'm doing. So you cannot tell me to do anything that I cannot do in my room or in the bathroom.

- You cannot tell me to break a rule. You can tell me to not use one of my privileges, but not downright go against one of the seven rules.

- I don't do my own laundry. We share the tasks in this household, and if I do my laundry it messes with the flow of things. So, if I wet myself, I have to wait a month for the clothes to dry and smell somewhat okay to put back into the laundry cycle. So I can't promise I'll do this every single week or something.

- I don't plan to send photos or anything. That's not really my goal. I definitely won't do videos. And if I do send photos, for my own personal safety and privacy, it'll be at most wet pants with a puddle and a blurred or not so clear background.

With all that being said. If this interests you, please do reply to this post and tell me. If it doesn't, move on with your day.

If I have no one to participate with, then I'll ignore this post all together. Otherwise, I hope we can have a fun time!

And, again, I highly encourage you to play the game for yourselves. And if you even want to, you can use the challenge I've set for myself while playing it. It's extremely fun and rushing to kill a boss while you yourself really need to go and you're clenching your crotch desperately as you weep when the boss hits one of your desperate girls and she pees herself right there at the end is a feeling that is both painful, and amazing, due to the release you let yourself have in your own failure. (Speaking from experience here-)

The game can be found on this very site ^^

