New Year's Desperation

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-01-18 03:22

Over the New Year period my husband, baby, and I went to stay with friends in another city/town. It was super freaking hot the entire time because Queensland in Summer. Sweating buckets hot. One evening I had an absolutely ripper headache because I hadn't drunk nearly enough water during the day. I don't normally drink much during the day if I'm somewhere unfamiliar because I prefer not to pee in unfamiliar places, but it was a mistake on such a hot day. So I made up for my dehydration by drinking a heap of water very quickly.

A couple of hours later it had got dark and I decided to put baby to sleep by taking her for a walk in the pram. I went to pee before I left the house but the only bathroom was already being used and I didn't want to wait because that would be embarrassing. I know, most people wouldn't think so. Whatever. Anyway I didn't really need to go; it was just one of those "pee before you leave the house" things.

Two minutes down the road I decided I actually did need to pee quite a bit. But I couldn't just go back to the house because that would be embarrassing. I know right? So I decided to just go for a half hour walk and then go back inside.

I was literally checking my phone every minute. At the nine minute mark I was sure I wouldn't be able to wait half an hour. In fact I wasn't sure I'd be able to make it back to the house. All of a sudden I'd reached the "you might pee any second" level of desperation. It wasn't a great situation to be in.

I was wearing light grey shorts. Which is theoretically not what you would want to wet yourself in; but they are made from some new quick-dry material so who knows how badly an accident might show? Or how quickly it might dry?

The safer alternative was to pee outside. Which I hate doing. And I was in a suburb with lots of street lights and no cover. No traffic though, I hadn't seen a single car on the road.

I couldn't face the embarrassment of my friends seeing me in pissy clothes so I ended up parking the pram and using it as a shield while I squatted in the gutter. Super classy. If I had been that desperate near my own house with no one home except husband I'd have risked wetting myself instead. But then I wouldn't have got in that position in those conditions.

Then I got lost and took about an hour to get back to my friends' place.

