Public wetting dare!

Author: Wet Mandy

*000*2017-04-10 18:29

Last week a friendly user on this site dared me to stage an accident at a bus stop during rush hour. I knew of a stop that ran pretty close to a subway station I frequent (I use the subway to head into the city twice a week for classes) but I thought why not just use the subway! It’s more crowded during rush hour, on the lines leaving the city at least, and having an accident on the subway is just as believable as having one at a bus stop—they don’t have any restrooms on the minor stations. The more I thought about the idea the more committed to it I became. It was far more daring than anything I’ve previously done.

Hell, the only other wetting experience I’ve had under public gaze was in front of a single women in passing! My main concern was that the people around me would react very negatively. But after my first experience in front of that women in the parking lot, and some reflection as to what my husband or I would do upon seeing such a desperate scene, my theory was that people probably wouldn’t bother me about it. In fact—they’d probably just silently sympathize with my embarrassment. Just thinking about staging a public accident in such a busy place made me nervous but I took comfort in my own assessment and some of the experiences other people have shared on here.

I have Fridays off so I had plenty of time to obsess over this idea the night before. I decided to wait until the trains would be really crowded around 4:30 or 5—rush hour. That way I could still get home and get my clothes in the washer before my husband came home at around 6:30. Regardless, I started denying myself the bathroom and drinking plenty of liquids very early in the morning on Friday. By lunchtime I was already bursting. I was also already dressed in an outfit I wanted to have my accident in: some blue jeans (with no panties because I don’t like wetting them), white tennishoes, a patterned blue shirt, and I threw on a black denim jacket because it was a little windy. (I also rolled up the legs of my jeans just above my ankles to make them into capris). 

So with an outfit all set, my nerves worked up, and my bladder bursting, it had become very apparent that I wasn’t going to make it to 4:30. It seemed like I wouldn’t even make it another half hour! But this was the perfect opportunity to stage another accident elsewhere, at least testing my hypothesis with a smaller crowd, and still have time to get desperate for my subway show! So I contacted my co-conspirator on this site and asked him to give me some ideas!

I set out to find a good setting before hearing back from him—he was taking a while to respond. On the road I saw him message me to try it in front of a gas station attendant! Simple enough I thought. So, squirming in my seat, I drove to a little station about 15 minutes from my house and parked next to the front doors. Through the glass I could see the bathroom in little hallway directly across from the entrance. It looked like there was only one. Over by the pumps there was a man filling his car up, and inside I could see a young guy idling behind the register. He was probably enjoying a slow shift. A wave of desperation suddenly hit me and I plunged my hand between my legs, cupping my vagina as hard as I could! I almost couldn’t hold it—my mind and body were giving up. But I wanted to work up my courage. If I could do this than I could do the subway! So I jumped out of my car and walked inside as briskly as I could.

“Hi. Where’s your restroom?” I asked the guy bluntly. I couldn’t believe I had actually just walked into that convenience store—actually planning on wetting my jeans in front of this kid. Without looking up from his phone he pointed me to the hallway just past the counter and responded with an equally brief, “back there”. I waddled over and ducked into the cover of the hallway. As silently as I could, I pushed the bathroom door open, probed the inside door handle with my hand, and pushed the lock button down.

Then, just as silently, I closed it. So there I was: genuinely desperate outside of a locked bathroom door! My heart was racing! I couldn’t believe what I was doing! I jiggled the handle loudly like any desperate woman would do. Then, acting as if I thought somebody else must be in there, I stood against the wall and waited. After 2 minutes or so I knocked and jiggled the handle again. “Is anybody in there???” I asked, panting as I spoke, acting really desperate. Hell, I was desperate! My bladder was close to busting and the waves of pressure I was feeling were getting more and more impossible to bear.

I dipped my head out of the hallway to get the guys attention, “Hey is there anybody in this bathroom?” I asked. “Shouldn’t be,” he said. “Is it locked?” Either he had been ignoring me or he was genuinely oblivious, because I hadn’t been that far away from him. I nodded my head and squirmed around frantically, my hand firmly holding my crotch. This didn’t go unnoticed-- I caught him glancing down at me as he approached. He seemed pretty young, maybe in his late teens or early twenties. 

And I remember through the haze thinking that he could have used a haircut and a shave. He knocked on the door and tested the handle for himself, “Is there anybody in there?” He casually asked. Of course there was no response and I just stood there, standing with my legs crossed bouncing on my knees. He turned to face me, “Sorry about that, ma’am. That’s the strangest thing. Do you have a hairpin—I can try to pick it for you” I shook my head no and right then decided that that had to be the moment. My heart was absolutely racing!

“Oh shit,” I shuttered. I had been contracting my bladder muscles ever so slightly—letting my warm pee teeter just at the very edge of my urethra. My plan was to ease myself into it. But then, with a spontaneous, almost-out-of-my control pelvic flex, my heart dropped. There was just a burst of warmth at first—it was a short but powerful wave. I moved my crotch-grabbing hand over to the back side of my hip and, with my other hand, covered my mouth. Piss had dampened the very bottom of my crotch and shot up in a v along where my legs met my pelvis. That was it, I thought. I might as well go all the way. 

My nerves were a wreck but getting past that first vital step really helped me relax. My crotch exploded with wetness. I pushed as hard as I could—my pee shot up to my waistband and pooled over to the sides of my thighs. I could hear it loudly gushing against the denim. The sound, wetness, and warmth continued to grow as it pooled around to my backside and started falling down the legs of my jeans. I looked back up at poor Mr. Cashier. He was looking down at me, wide-eyed and obviously at a loss for what to say. 

When my pee started dripping loudly onto the cheap, plastic tile floor he finally looked up and met my gaze. I was trying to muster my most apologetic, embarrassed, and helpless face I could. Part of me was actually horrified, of course! I was looking into the eyes of the man who would be mopping up my pee puddle after all! But he matched my gaze with the utmost sympathy—it was actually very sweet—and stuttered, “I-I’m so sorry, ma’am. Here… I-I think we have some bobby pins up front.”

I stood there, my legs still crossed and still wetting a torrent, as he shuffled to the bobby pin displays. (As if unlocking the bathroom door would fix my problem. I suppose he didn’t know what else to do!) He kept glancing back at my legs as he tore a bobby pin out of its packaging. My jeans, shoes and socks were absolutely drenched and by this point and I was standing in the middle of a massive puddle. My bladder was relieved but my heart was positively pounding! My cold, dry breaths starkly contrasted the warm, wet piss pooling against my thoroughly stimulated and swollen pussy.

And I thought my first experience was exhilarating! But the initial shock and arousal I felt when I had started wetting was suddenly overpowered by a primal flight instinct. Without really thinking about it, and STILL peeing, I started walking to the exit. As I passed by Mr. Cashier I shuttered, almost on the verge of tears, “I’m so sorry”. I don’t know if he looked back at me when I walked through the door. Then I placed my towel on the driver’s seat, started my engine, and made my escape.

When I reached a stop light, I had some time to calm my nerves. It truly was an exhilarating experience and, if my own personal taste in wettings means anything, I really had put on an amazing show! So I sat there, gently caressing my clit through the damp, denim seam on the crotch of my jeans. It was almost 1:20 at this point—I had about three hours until my subway appointment! I was sure that a lot of the liquids I’d been drinking that morning were still on their way to my bladder, but I also had enough time to make myself really and truly bursting before my big public performance! So, wet jeans and all, I got an extra-large sweet tea from a McDonalds drive through before making my way home.

Seeing as how long this story is already I’ll save my subway experience for a little later. Trust me—you will not be disappointed! Let me know what you thought. Also I’d like to hear from any guys about if they’ve managed to pull off any similar stunts-- I have a hunch that us women have an easier time playing with this fetish in public without facing scrutiny because of our historically weaker bladders (and higher susceptibility to incontinence too). Anyways, hope you all like it!

