And Today's Wetting ...

Author: Waterfall

*000*2012-10-25 00:12

Since I had the day off from work, and the opportunity to be home alone, I decided that today would be an excellent day to see just how long I could go with a full bladder.

My main intention was to hold in my pee as long as possible, then venture out into the neighborhood or backyard (I gots a huge backyard), wait until I reach the stage where I begin to urinate involuntarily, and then quickly dispense my pee somewhere discreet. Fully wetting myself would not be a valid option, as I only own a few pair of jeans, so there's no way I could ever soak them and have my mom wash them, and I don't want to completely ruin them as they're quite nice. Also, walking around parts of the neighborhood with a full bladder and knowing that having an accident is not an option makes the experience so much more thrilling; there's a certain risk involved, which in of itself is a pleasure.

So I began the day skipping my ritual bathroom break, instead drinking down an ice cold glass of spring water. At this point I had to go, but nothing major or anything. For the next several hours I drank two more cups of water, each minute my bladder slowly but steadily filled up. At that point the only person home besides myself was my brother, of whom was going to leave for martial arts somewhere around quarter to 2 (it was 1:00). My bladder had filled to quite a descent size, to the point where holding it was becoming quite bothersome. 

I decided to venture out into the town, and if I had managed to hold my pee till 1:35, then I could wait for my brother to leave and sit around my backyard. As I got dressed, I could feel the bulge in my bladder; fantastic. I tightened my jeans belt to the highest notch; the squeezing pain added so much pressure that my bladder went into a contraction. Holding as best I could, I grabbed my coat and went for my walk. I took this usual path; down the rural houses and streets, to this road with many farms to each side. I got up to the certain point in the road where the was an overhead bridge; there were little areas up under the side of the road where one could hide in privacy, a perfect place to relieve a full bladder!

However by that point, my bladder had stabilized and the urge to go wasn't as strong, so I walked further down the road, past that bridge, to where there was this porta-potty. However the whole 'gonna pee any second now' feeling wasn't there, so I turned back and ventured to the bridge, but still I was bursting quite enough, although at one point I did squirt a little out (so exciting!). 

I walked back to the bridge again, but the feeling wasn't complete, so I went back home. My brother was to leave home shortly, so I decided to wait until he did, then I would hang around my backyard watching over my pet cat as my bladder cry in agony. The ten minutes until he left felt like half an hour easy; each moment I paced in my room, struggling to hold my pee. My bladder was absolutely bursting to go. Finally my bro left, and I ventured outside with the cat. I walked around outside in my backyard for a few minutes, but my bladder had had enough; I got a slight erection and started to leak bit by bit.

I walked by the balcony stairs and into my house, a small wet patch growing over my crotch. By the time I reached the bathroom, there was a medium sized wet spot along my crotch and right pants leg. Feeling naughty, I dropped to my knees, whipped it out, and pissed all along the floor (a tile floor mind you). The feeling was exhilarating and sexually gratifying. Granted the pee didn't all cascade out all at once, more so in various spurts. I pleasured myself while squirting pee onto the floor, finally reaching a climax and cumming in pure ecstasy.

When all was done, I cleaned up the pee from the floor, and examined the damage that I had done to my pants; I had been so caught up in the moment that I didn't care, it was too fun. Anyway, the damage was minimal; nothing soaked, just a damp patch that's already drying up. Now I'm eagerly awaiting for the day where I can do that again. I may even buy a new pair of cheap jeans so that I can just relieve myself with them on. That would make for a much more fun pee adventure.

