Desperate on the Phone

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-09-26 02:58

Last night I had just walked Toddler to sleep in her stroller and was picking some random crap up off the floor once we got home, because there is always random crap on the floor with her, when my husband called me on the phone. I'd needed a wee while we were walking, not too badly, just a "pee when you get home before you do anything else" kinda thing. Anyway I hadn't peed yet when he called because I'd got distracted.

Toddler started to stir at the sound of my voice so I took the phone into the bathroom to talk to him. Of course, seeing the toilet reminded me that I needed to pee. I always need to wee when I see a toilet. Particularly so when I legitimately need to pee. I really wanted to talk to Husband because he is overseas right now and we don't get much opportunity to speak so I was absolutely not going to cut the call short. I considered just using the toilet while talking to him, we've been married for years, but my pants were a bit tight and I was pretty sure I wouldn't be able to pull them back up with one hand so I decided to hold it instead and just not look at the toilet.

We talked for about 15-20 minutes but I was having difficulty enjoying the conversation while simultaneously being busting for a wee. I was walking laps of the bathroom and pee dancing, since I was alone and desperate. At the point where I noticed I'd unconsciously started physically holding myself between my legs I gave up and decided I'd use the toilet after all and just finish the conversation sitting on the loo if I couldn't get my pants back on.

I stood in front of the toilet and started to disrobe with one hand. It took me about ten seconds to get the button on the pants undone one-handed, especially since I was having trouble standing still, but I eventually managed. It was at that point I started to wee.

My urgent but manageable level of desperation just surged in under a second to suddenly be uncontrollable.

This happens to me sometimes in the last few seconds before I get to the toilet. My bladder just seems to jump the gun a bit and get started before I'm ready for it. Sometimes I need to change my knickers but I rarely get my other clothes wet.

I hooked the thumb of my free hand into the waistband of my pants and pulled them down. Nope. They didn't move at all. I considered trying to hold the phone between my head and shoulder but decided as it is an expensive mobile I really didn't want it to slip and smash on the ground or drown in the toilet. I looked around for somewhere to put my phone in a panic, still weeing, but there wasn't anywhere to put it down, I have lotions and potions on basically every free surface in the bathroom. I really should tidy it.

I tried again to pull down my pants, this time using my right hand, still cluching the phone, to help. But the phone meant I couldn't really use my fingers and it just wasn't happening.

By this stage, which was probably about three seconds after I'd started to pee, my pants were clearly already too wet to be in any way still wearable. The pants are black and don't really show wetness much but I could feel the warmth spreading down my thighs. I figured I might as well save the floor from a puddle and just sat down on the toilet fully dressed and finished weeing.

It was obviously a bit of an exciting incident but I didn't tell Husband I'd just had an accident while talking to him. We talked for another fifteen minutes or so before he had to go, the whole while I'm wearing soaked pants. I popped my drenched clothes in the washer, they came off easily with two hands free, and had a nice, long shower.

*006*2017-09-29 02:55

{{54 minutes ago, WetDave said:

You should have told him you were peeing yourself!

}}

Beforehand? Because yes. I totes should have put the phone down and told him I had to pee real quick. I genuinely thought I'd be able to get my pants down with one hand.

Or during? Because nah. :p

It's funny; if I was wearing pretty much anything else in my wardrobe this wouldn't have been much of a story.

*008*2017-09-30 05:16

{{6 hours ago, New_Macca said:

That's a great story. Did your voice change while talking with that happening? I'm sure he could tell something was happening as you must-have enjoyed the experience.

}}

I don't think he noticed that I was a bit distracted for a little bit while I was battling my pants. Once I'd given up and just sat down I was able to talk normally again.

