Wet myself, then stepped into the rain

Author: WarmWinter

*000*2024-09-26 04:06

Happy fall everyone!!

Yesterday night I was out with friends. Drinks were had; two rum and cokes and (aprox.) two pints of water for me - those waiters would not let our glasses run dry.

No, I did not hold all that in during the night lol. I used the bathroom some time past the first hour. I must've have broken a seal then, because half an hour later I felt all the fluids rush to my bladder again. I thought to myself, I just went, I can wait... but I really couldn't. After that wave of desperation, I decided to hold off from drinking until my body took care with what was in me already, especially since I had no idea how long dinner was going to be. I chatted with my friends with my legs crossed for maybe another 10 minutes before I decided I really needed to get up and go. This time I was feeling the alcohol a bit, so my trip to the bathroom was much less composed than the last one lol.

But I made it. Got in the stall, pulled my black jeans and underwear down, and plopped my bum on to the toilet. My bladder wasted no time relieving itself. I had moments where my stream was forceful and loud, and other times where it was much weaker. I sat there for maybe another two minutes after I finished, just trying to get some dribbles out.

I returned to my friends as they started talking about getting their bills. So we paid for our food, packed up, and left. Some of my friends were going to head to someone's house, but it was getting a little too late for me. I decided to head home. I said my goodbyes. One of them came with me to the subway. Their company was nice but eventually the train hit his stop and I was left to commute by myself.

When we had left the restaurant, my bladder felt completely empty. Now, on the train, I could feel it filling up again. The tons of water and bit of alcohol must have really weakened my bladder because I could tell I didn't have a huge volume in there, but I had to go nonetheless. Thankfully my stop was coming up, and I wasn't worried about making it home - it was going to my uncomfortable, but manageable.

I got off the train and walked through the station, but to my surprise, when I got to the exit, it was raining HARD outside. Completely out of nowhere. Maybe the skies were cloudy earlier and I didn't notice because it was night, I don't know. But suddenly my omo brain thought... I could pee myself in the rain, and that tiny voice in the back of my head swayed the rest of my mind very easily. So I stepped outside.

Now, I wasn't immediately met with rain upon leaving the station. The building sticks out a lot on top, so a large portion of the sidewalk around the building is actually protected from the rain. That's important because, as I left the station, I had a new idea that caused me to stop right before I walked into the rain. Where's the fun in wetting when I'm already wet? I should wet while I'm still dry. I stood just by the rain perimeter. I looked around. There were a few people on the other end, like 50 feet away, deciding whether or not to brave the rain. I gathered that they wouldn't see what I was doing from where I stood.

There were others across the street, so I positioned myself such that a cement pillar blocked their sight of my. Cars were passing by - I was going to have to wait for a break in traffic. But as I waited, my bladder grew more impatient. My mind and body were so set on wetting here that I couldn't hold back a few leaks despite not being that desperate. it was like, a single car drives by, there's no other cars, and the second I thought, "Now...?" I'd LEAK without warning, and I'd have to clamp down hard to stop as I made sure that this was the right moment. It wasn't lol. I leaked like three or four times before I gave myself the green light. I found my chance when that group I mentioned ran into the rain, and there didn't seem to be any cars coming.

I let go. My pee soaked my left leg like a warm hug. Around my knee, it poured out in streams. It pooled in my shoe and leaked out, forming a small puddle on the sidewalk. My sock and shoe absorbing the warmth felt so nice, I sighed. I usually don't wet in my shoes but these sneakers were truly on their last legs - I plan to get new ones this week so this was fine. I let myself enjoy this moment. It also isn't usual for me to freely wet myself publicly like this. I tend to get really anxious, but last night I wasn't concerned at all.

When I was done I stood there for a bit, pushing to make sure I was really empty. Satisfied, I walked into the rain and got absolutely drenched instantly. When I got home, my clothes looked like I had jumped into a pool. The perfect cover up.

I left my clothes out to dry in my room over night, however, and when I smelled my jeans this morning I caught the intoxicating scent of pee. I guess I can't count on the rain to completely wash them. Laundry will be done tomorrow lol.

Apologies for the massive amount of pigeon shit on the ground in the video.

*003*2024-09-30 02:51

There was, yeah, sorry, I got shy about it so I took it down. Forgot to remove mentions of it in the story lol. Fixed it.

