When you haven't got time for anything more...

Author: WaterSpirit

*000*2022-03-19 12:57

Today I had to get up and out quickly for an appointment, but when I awoke I really wanted to wet. I don't know if any of you feel like that when you first wake up - you feel that full bladder and it turns you right on and you are kind of desperate for it? But I had 10 minutes to be washed, dressed and in the car. So I tried something new...

I wet myself in a really simple ordinary way, in my briefs on the toilet - quick and dead easy to clean up. But when I did it I closed my eyes and really really focused on it, like a meditation.

It actually felt extraordinary, to experience the first little spurt hit my underwear and then spread out and rebound warm and wet on my body, to notice every ripple and eddie of the pee as it ran freely into the material and then out - some through the middle and some at the sides, to feel my panties holding that gentle, beautiful warmth next to my lady parts as it flowed. I loved hearing the different sounds of wetting myself too - the silence and anticipation at the beginning when I could feel it but not hear it, the soft hiss once I got going and then the cascading release, like a stream or a brook flowing over rocks. It was almost like another kind of music. It felt astonishing.

Then it was over and I was sitting there gasping and shuddering, with my oh-so-warm-and-wet panties gently holding my excited lady parts and very slowly, dripping into the toilet. It felt so good.

Do any of you have any ways to wet when you're short on time?

*002*2022-03-19 17:28

{{2 hours ago, Jet Wetter said:

That is a beautiful description of events please keep gracing us with your wonderful experiences!

}}

That's very kind of you - thank you! I will .

*004*2022-03-19 20:20

{{5 minutes ago, lovetohold said:

If I'm short on time, I often grab a towel and pee in it, allowing the warmth to spread through the towel that is pressed up against my private parts. Then, I toss it in the washer (I live alone) and go about my day after a quick wipe-down.

}}

Oh this sounds amazing! I absolutely love to pee into things held right up to my body - it is such an awesome feeling. I'll remember this next time I'm busy.

Thanks!

WS

*006*2022-03-21 18:49

{{1 hour ago, nappypants said:

Do you ever wear diapers then? Sounds like you'd enjoy them, based on that...

}}

Yes, I do.

I have urinary incontinence issues due to pelvic nerve damage and have to wear them at night about 3 times a week (on average). When I first started to wear them I was so incredibly turned on by them. I think I'd have just worn them 24/7 if they weren't so expensive! I still find it a turn on if I wear them when I don't need them but at night it feels less special.

(I do sometimes use them if I need to touch myself too. If I get too excited I start leaking everywhere. They help me relax and not worry about making a big warm wet mess.)

*008*2022-03-22 09:12

{{3 hours ago, pegasus42 said:

What a lovely story to share - thank you. As a person with a penis, I will sometimes sit on the toilet and point it upwards and let the warmth flow down over my testicles and around my bottom - it is lovely. I can, if I want, send a spurt or more upwards onto my chest or belly which is also lovely. I really like the way you describe the focus of the moment - like a meditation. Also, I really envy the sounds that lady parts make when peeing - I love to listen and just enjoy the sounds of hissing and dripping into or onto wherever one is peeing. Just amazing. Thank you for sharing this. It has sparked my imagination in a wonderful way

}}

Oh that sounds lovely! I wish I had the anatomy to try it!

I know what you mean about the sounds we females make. I have seen videos of males peeing in their jeans and having a hissing sound so I think it's possible when something gets in the way of the stream.

I suspect that the sound is caused by the way the urine flows. Liquids can flow in two main ways - laminar flow (when it's smooth) and turbulent flow (when it's more like a white water ride! ). It's turbulent flow which causes the sound I think. (Apologies for this - I am a science teacher and just can't help myself sometimes! LOL)

*010*2022-03-23 12:14

{{1 hour ago, nappypants said:

How do you know which three nights a week you need a diaper, have you made a deal with your bladder? Or do you just mean you wear them every night as you wet the bed 3 times a week on average?

}}

Well, unfortunately I have fairly serious pelvic pain associated with the injury too. When the pain gets beyond a certain point my bladder gets all ansi and jumpy - if I feel like that going to bed I wear pull-ups. Being in bed eases the pain so if I am OK going to bed I am usually OK through the night.

I don't always wet on nights when my bladder is jumpy either, but it happens about 50% of the time. Last night, for instance, my bladder was definitely not cooperating and I had already had an accident during the evening when I was wearing a pad so it was most certainly a pull-up night. However, this morning I woke up dry. (well dry until I had a little fun - no sense wasting a perfectly good diaper!!! In fact I am still wearing it as I write. And it's still warm!)

It feels like more of an art than a science - trying to predict what my bladder will do. On average, more pain = more wetting, but it's not a solid relationship. Sometimes I have an accident when my pain is only moderate and sometimes - like last night - my pain is bad and I stay dry.

{{1 hour ago, nappypants said:

Also you say you’re a teacher, do you wear diapers when teaching a class? If not, what do you do when the urge strikes and have you ever had a very public accident?

}}

Yes, I am very conservative at work. I judge what state my bladder is in via the pain and then wear protection good enough to cover the worst case senario. It has meant that I've had to change how I dress at work so that I can hide a pull up if I need to. I wear a lot of tunic tops - which are like extra long t-shirts, but smarter and more fitted around the chest. They are like a cross between a dress and a blouse. The thing is they are wide and flowing and go down to upper to mid thigh level. This gives students, staff and parents no view of the shape of my pelvic area so I can wear thick pads or diapers and no-one is any the wiser. The only thing have to watch is if I take my class out on the field for PE. If the wind gets up I have to keep a hand on my top to stop it blowing upwards.

Have I ever had an accident in class - yes. Did it ever show - no, not so far. I have had to go commando for a short period once when I soaked my knickers. It was clear that the wet from my underwear would make my trousers wet too so I took them off. Now that was a scary situation - my bladder was clearly in a state and I had no protection at all, plus it was last thing on a Friday which was whole school assembly! I got my TA to cover my class going into the hall and quickly went to the loo before we went in. Thankfully it worked.

Obviously my head teacher and senior staff knew about my condition and this led to me being the member of staff who helped children with bladder issues. Sometimes if a child was really upset about wetting themselves and stuggling with shame I would tell them that I had a "wonky bladder too". This helped them feel OK.

*014*2022-03-23 17:15

{{3 hours ago, nappypants said:

Incidentally from some of the words you use above I guess you’re also from the UK, so if you have a condition/injury are you not able to get nappies/pull-ups from the NHS?

}}

Yes - but they only supply pads - no pull-ups. The pads they supply, while large, are very low end too and not very comfortable.

*015*2022-03-23 17:22

{{24 minutes ago, Wwtmyselfagain said:

I am going to have to try this! Maybe tonight!!!

}}

Awesome! I'd love to know how you get on.

