Escort had an unexpected pee explosion

Author: wettingplay

*000*2022-12-14 02:44

So I had an experience with a Sex worker, and this one is the best I ever had due to the unexpected nature of it.

I was away on business with an overnight stay in a hotel. I had spent the best part of the day driving there. The hotel was in the city centre so didn't have parking. I had booked a space in a private carpark nearby so I parked up, got my bag and walked to the hotel. It was only about a 10 minute walk away. I got to reception, and checked in, then went up to my room. It was a decent room with a double bed and a single, full bathroom with a Bath, not just a shower, and a well stocked minibar + an iron in the room. I was starving by this point, but I didn't fancy hotel food so I went out to the centre to find a restaurant. I found my way to decent looking pub, quickly approached the bar to order a meal and grabbed myself a seat near the window.

As I looked out at the streets outside there were loads of people going about on nights out, a bit unusual for a Wednesday, but I guess that's just city life for you. I was admiring the views of the ladies outside. It was summer and there were plenty of scantily clad girls out on the town. One particular girl was caught my attention just outside the pub where I was eating about 10 ft away on the other side of the window. She was beautiful, with long straight blonde hair, long legs in super high heels, big breasted (probably 32D) with great skin and figure. She wasn't super skinny but had all the right curves. She was in a skimpy white dress tied round the back of her neck (sort of like a stola) with a wide brown belt round her waist/stomach, low cut to show plenty of cleavage and also open at the sides. She didn't seem to be wearing a bra underneath either, and I was getting plenty of glimpses at her sideboob and downblouse. Best of all though, the skirt was incredibly short.

So short that, from my seating position inside the pub, I could see the tip of her white panties even when she was stood up straight. It looked a bit like there was a little wet spot, but I couldn't tell and thought it was probably shadow or her dark pubes showing through the fabric. As I sat there, eating my burger and looking out at the crowds, my gaze kept getting drawn to this gorgeous beauty. She was standing with 2 of her female friends, both of them smoking, and they all had drinks in their hands.

She did seem to be fidgeting a lot, shifting from leg to leg and occasionally moving her free hand towards her crotch as though she was about to hold herself, and then stopping herself, but again, I thought this was just wishful thinking on my part. She was basically facing me in her mini talk circle, and then I saw as she lifted her left leg up behind her and twisted her body round to adjust some strap on her shoe. As she tried to balance, she wobbled around, spreading her legs and moving out her hands to keep her balance, and I got a short but very intimate look at her panties, including a good view of the underside.

It was only a few seconds, but now I was sure it was a wet spot, and it seemed a bit bigger than I had expected, about 2cm across. Perhaps it had grown while she was out there. As I continued to eat my food and enjoy the view, her fidgeting seemed to get more animated, and she seemed to be rushing her friends to finish their cigarettes (I couldn't hear through the glass but her gestures seemed to imply it). As they continued chatting and laughing about, she seemed to regain her composure a bit. Their conversation must have turned to some humorous innuendo as one of her mates did a simulated stripper grind against her thigh. This had them all laughing and it seemed to be building up a lot, which appeared to wreak havoc on her bladder.

As she laughed her head off, her mate still doing silly little dances, she started to wiggle her legs open and closed and cross them, until, overcome with laughter, she stumbled back. Her mate behind her caught her and the one doing the silly dance grabbed her arm to stop her falling.

As she stumbled, rescued by her friends, her knee shot up, nearly to her breast. Her eyes were closed as she laughed her head off, leaning on her mates and I got a full frontal view of those panties for a good 10 seconds, and she started to lose control of her bladder. Slowly, the wet patch grew. I could see the liquid pee form on the surface, then the wet patch grew from a small circular dot and stretched out to a 6 or 7 cm oval/ teardrop shape all down the gusset of her panties. Several drips fell between her legs to the floor outside. She slapped the cigarette out of her friends hand and briskly walked back into the pub and headed straight for the girls toilets.

Meanwhile, I had finished my meal so I finished the rest of my beer and got up to leave. I headed back to my hotel room, turned on the TV, got out the ironing board and started ironing my shirt and trousers for tomorrow. But I couldn't get the girl who had her mini accident out of my head, it had made me super horny. So I got Out my phone and searched online for any escorts in the area. I found a nice looking one and gave her a call. No Answer. "Never mind", I thought, and continued the ironing. But then my phone buzzed. A text message read "Baby I'm only doing outcalls tonight". "I replied, asking if she could come to my hotel".

Luckily, she could, and £150 an hour for an outcall was a reasonable price, so I made a booking. I continued ironing, and about 25 minutes later, I got a call saying she was outside. I went downstairs to get her from the main entrance. She stepped out of her taxi and walked over towards me. We gave each other the nod, and she approached. We did the formal kiss on both cheeks, then I offered my arm and she held on as I led her towards the lift. When we got in and the doors closed, I took the opportunity to get a good look at her.

She presented herself, giving a cute little grin and a sort of curtsey gesture as I looked her up and down. I was very pleased. She was super short and skinny, short-medium length blonde hair, a nose piercing, and no makeup (which is what I requested, I don't like makeup). She was super short and skinny, maybe 5 foot 2, and was wearing thin pink tank top, with big prominent nipples poking through. Her breast were small, about 30A, and very perky. She was wearing cut off jeans shorts, riding all the way up to show her bum which was small but round and perky. There was a big tattoo visible on her upper thigh, really nice looking one too, with roses and a lady's face and cleavage.

When we got to my hotel room, I backed away the ironing board and got my wallet to pay her. I handed over the cash and she thanked me as she put it in her purse. as she put her purse down, she turned and headed to the bathroom, asking if she could use the bathroom as she headed in that direction. I reached out and took her hand to draw her back to me and told her to hang on, explaining that I like when girls need a wee. She got a big grin on her face and laughed. "Really" she asked, and I laughed back and said "yea".

"you want to watch" she asked, and I said yea. As She pulled down the shorts and sat on the toilet to wee I watched on in delight. "Hold some back for when we're fucking " I joked and she grinned and laughed. She sat down and did her wee, it was short and only a little piddle. She stood up and, without pulling up her shorts or panties, walked towards me. "You like?" she asked, taking my hand and putting it between her legs. I could feel the little drips there and got instantly hard. "Yes, I replied" as I pulled my fingers up and admired the smel of her pee. "That was only a tiny wee though" i added. She just looked at me cheekily.

We returned to the bed and I asked her to massage my back. She proceeded to strip off her cloths. I could see her smooth waxed pussy with a large clit. Her breasts were small but super perky, both nipples pierced, and she had big raised nipples and areolas. Her waist was so small I tried circling it with my hands and was almost able to. You could see her ribs, and her belly was flat with a pierced belly button. I took off my cloths and lay down to receive my massage. After about 10-15 mins she seemed to start struggling and massaging her wrists, so I declared it was her turn. I gave her a nice back rub, reaching right to the sides to touch her little breasts, and all the way down to her bum. I gradually moved to her legs, focusing on the upper thighs and massaged round all the way to the front and over her mons and clit.

She started to gyrate and moan so I switched my focus entirely between her legs, massaging her bum with one hand, and slowly rubbing her clit and mons in an up down and circular motion with the entire palm of my other hand. She began to gyrate and moan more and more until I could feel her clit swell and her pussy pulse gently. It must have only taken her 3 or 4 minutes before she was gyrating wildly and pushed my hand away says "Hang on, stop stop". "Did you just orgasm" I asked and she sheepishly blushed.

She lay on the bed, legs closed, as I gently stroked her body. She seemed to like it and was stroking me back, brushing against the shaft of my penis occasionally. I kissed her hands and body a bit, sucked on her nips and just enjoyed her great body for a short while.

"Would you like me to lick your pussy" I asked.

"OK", she smiled back at me. She looked towards the toilet and started as though she was going to get up and go quickly, but I was right in there between her legs flicking her clit with my tongue. She instantly got into it, gyrating in rhythm with me as I slowly ran my tongue over and around her clit. A couple on minutes in she said " hang on and pulled away. she told my to lie my back and got on all 4s then manoeuvred her pussy into my face. She got her pussy right into my face, so her mons was blocking my nose and it was a bit difficult to breath, but I was loving it and started going to town, gulping for breath and swallowing the juices in equal measure. As we carried on and got more and more into it, I expanded the area I was covering, licking down to her urethra occasionally and also lightly sucking on the clit.

She seemed to love this and started rubbing up and down with her hips so my mouth would lick and suck all over, then she started thrusting her pussy forward more so my tongue had access to slide into her vagina. I swiftly took advantage, sliding my tongue in to lick the inside wall of her vagina, all the while sucking intermittently. She was rubbing her pussy up and down my face so that we were going between me licking and sucking her clit and then her vagina and urethra. She was really pushing down on my face, and when my tongue was inside her vagina her clit was pushed right against my front teeth, and she was rubbing ang gyrating against them.

As we got more and more into it, she was more and more frantically pushing against my face. Suddenly she pulled away "wait, wait, stop for a sec!" she exclaimed, I could see her looking towards the toilet like she was about to dash for it, but I was so excited and leaned forward to lick her pussy again, and as I licked all did a long lick all along her labia and clit she moaned in joy and thrust right back into my face. 

She tightened her legs around my head and stopped supporting her weigh, now just sitting on my face, legs tightly squeezed, her hand on the back of my head pushing my face into her pussy, moaning loudly and gyrating up and down. As it got more and more intense, I started to get a feint taste of pee. This got me so horny I started going mad sucking at it. "Oh shit" she whimpered, pulling away again.

I saw a worried panicky facial expression on her, as she looked towards the toilet. It was this adorable innocent look of a girl who's just realised she's left it too long and could wet herself.

"Your so close now lets just finish first" I replied, leaning forward and licking her clit. She moaned so loudly and thrust forward again. I reached round with one of my hands stroked inside her but cheeks, right up next to, but not touching her sphincter. This seemed to madly turn her on. She thrust forward so hard so that her vagina and urethra where right in my mouth and her clit was pushed so hard against my front teeth I was worried she would knock them out. 

I had my tongue slid deep inside her, licking the inside wall, and madly sucking and swallowing all the juices. I could taste more pee now, and she was evidently spurting occasionally. She moved her hand back to the back of my head and madly pushed it towards her, rubbing her clit against my teeth, moaning out loud, tightly wrapping her legs around my head. Sitting up slightly now, so my tongue went even deeper and her urethra was tightly sealed against my mouth as I sucked on her vagina and pee hole, I could feel her legs and body begin to quiver. Her whole pussy was pulsing.

"Oh shit" she whimpered again, I could feel her shaking and slowly she was leaking into my mouth. It was such a gradual trickle and slowly gave me a full gulp of pee. This time, she just doubled down and thrust harder, gyrating more and moaning out loud at the top of her voice. I swiftly swallowed the pee and we continued. I could instantly tell she was still leaking, and I was swallowing down small gulps of pee as she was getting pulses of joy. Her pussy began to pulse away again as she was having a massive orgasm, she kept thrusting her pussy into my face as I could hear her cries of joy. And then, the flow started to pick up...

"Ohhhhhhh...." she whimpered, her legs began to shiver and her grip loosened as she lost all power in her muscles. I glanced my eyes upwards and saw her face of ecstasy as her pussy pulsed in orgasm and simultaneously she felt the relief of releasing. My mouth filled with another gulp, faster this time, so I swallowed, but the flow continued and some ran down my face onto the bed, and then another until

"Oh fuck" and the flow just exploded so I couldn't even swallow fast enough anymore. It loudly hissed as she was squirting everywhere.

"Ah,Ahh,Ahhh" she screamed as her pussy pulsed and her limbs went limp. And the hissing squirting flow just continued. Realising the bed would be soaked, I sat up, lifting her with me and moved to the end of the bed then propped her against the table at the end of the bed. Her loud hissing squirt/piss continued and she moved her right hand down to rub her clit while supporting herself with the left and screaming out in joy. I tried to reach behind her for a condom, but then she just pulled me in and declared "Just don't cum in me....", then with her left hand guided my bareback cock into her pussy. This slowed the flow considerably. I slid all the way in then all the way out, and every time I pulled the tip out I got another sharp squirt going everywhere. She was frantically rubbing her clit and started hopping up and down really fast, pulling me closer so I couldn't pull all the way out anymore, a drizzle of piss still leaking out her as we fucked.

"Slow down, I'm going to cum" I shouted. "Fuck it, just fuck me" she replied between her screams of joy and jets of squirting pee. She pulled me right in and I started to thrust as fast as I could. She screamed with joy so loud I was worried the other rooms would come out and complain (they didn't). As I fucked her with all my might, she screamed with joy and then as her pussy pulsed she pulled her hand away from her clit and pulled close to me, embracing me gently as her limbs went weak and her pussy pulsed. She pulled me in close and deep and I came so hard, it seemed to go on forever.

She was still leaking little drizzles, and after I came and my boner started to go down, the final hissing piss started flowing out. This girl must have pissed another 5 seconds full force after we finished, my soft cock still inside her. There was a massive puddle on the floor and a big wet spot had gotten on the chair. I looked back at the bed and there was a massive wet spot on the duvet and a trail leading to the end of the bed.

"Your incredible" I said. She gave me a big smile and pulled me close, wrapping her arms around me, her legs wrapped around my waist and my soft cock still in her pussy. I pickled her up by the bum with one hand, holding her close with the other and walked us over to the bed where I sat down, her still wrapped around me and embracing me, her head resting on my shoulder.

As she rested against me, she seemed to be falling asleep, so I dimmed the lights with the switch next to the bed, wrapping my arms around her to keep her warm. She then fell asleep, or at least seemed to, as her breathing started to sound like snores. I started to doze off as well, but stayed half awake. We must have stayed like that for nearly an hour as it was nearly 1am when I came to.

I was awoken by one final lovely surprise. She was doing a little wee. My cock had now slid out of her by now. The wee wasn't a very big one, just a few seconds and very slow flow, but it was enough to immediately bring back my boner. She awoke startled to realise she was wetting herself, just as my rising boner pressed against her.

"Sorry..." we both said simultaneously.

"Its OK, you can let it go" I said. She naughtily looked at me, biting her bottom lip as she continued to wet the bed while on my lap. It was only a short wee,, a few more seconds, but enough to moisten the bed a fair bit. She checked her phone and realised how late it was. "Shit, I should get going" She said. I offered to call her a taxi but she was already booking on uber. She asked me to walk her downstairs when it arrived. I washed myself off and had a quick shower, then she got the message the taxi had arrived. I gave her a £50 tip, and walked her downstairs. We exchanged a kiss at the door and she went on her way. When I got back to the room I quickly turned on the iron and used it to dry the love stains. Fortunately, the duvet didn't soak through. The carpet was easy enough to deal with too and I managed to hide all the evidence anything had happened.

*005*2022-12-17 12:57

{{10 hours ago, Nephrite said:

From the way you told the story, it seems like she should be paying you.

}}

I think she earned her fee and tip. I left out some of the conversation at the beginning where we talked about my desires as it's not exciting reading for the audience. She listened to me early on when I explained my fetish, clearly only let out a small dribble in the toilet because she knew it would get the floodgates going, and as a result, clearly was genuinely losing control at the oh fuck moment. The fact that she understood not to tell me that she was going to do this but instead concealed her desperation and let herself have a legit accident shows how good a service she delivered.

*006*2022-12-17 13:23

{{On 12/15/2022 at 2:48 AM, Skipperjoe said:

Are we sure this isn’t fiction? 🙂

}}

Ok so there were some elements changed to make it more exciting. First off, the sexy girl with panties on show. Yes she was there, yes there was a wet patch, she did fidget a lot and rush to the toilets, but she didn't pee herself when she stumbled back, just gave me a really big view of the wet patch.

Next up, escort. I didn't include the consultation she did at the start. She knew what I liked and the kinds of things I was after, including the unexpected nature of the incident being important. I clarified massage and pussylicking where the most important (I love licking clit). I told her about omo and some of my suggestions were peeing during sex, her wetting her shorts while on my lap and fidgeting or her pretending to sleep and bedwetting while we spooned. She knew i wanted to be surprised and didnt let on that she was going to do it, instead throwing me off by saying i could watch her wee but that she didn't really need to go enough to do water sports.

Also, bareback was pre agreed. I didnt request it but she offered and presented a clear sti test from a week ago.

*011*2022-12-23 22:02

{{23 hours ago, DiminishingReturns said:

Does it matter? The only thing that seems a little sus is the ridiculously low hourly rate. I'm willing to suspend my disbelief.

}}

Fairly standard for what I'm used to in the UK. I have also paid twice that amount expecting something good from a "high class", but your really just paying agency fees to get an older, less attractive, generally rude lady wearing a crappy Primark dress. Go freelance escorts every time, cheaper and more down to earth + usually younger and prettier.

{{15 hours ago, huberp76 said:

It must have been absolutely arousing to watch her and to imagine that she was holding all that amount of hot urine in her bladder and how bad she must have needed to wee.

}}

It was. As I tasted the first hints of pee I was wishing so bad she could have an accident but didn't think it would really happen until she lost control. Amazing girl.

