Slowly filling my bladder today :)

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-07-03 20:11

So I decided I felt like doing some holding today... I relieved myself for the last time about an hour and a half ago and had a big glass of water and some soup for lunch. I decided to start filling my bladder while I do some work-from-home and household tasks and just build the urge up slowly.

I'm just starting to notice a nice slight pressure in my bladder now! A pleasant 4 out of 10. I'm about to take my dog for a walk and want to make sure the urge continues to build while I'm out so I'm gonna have another glass of water of the same size before I leave (10 oz).

I'm planning to continue drinking hourly throughout the day and see how long my bladder can last. I'm happy to take orders on how much to drink and will do anything between 6 - 16 ounces. As I get more desperate, I will also be happy to leak or pee for a few seconds with permission, to make room for more drinks and keep me full for longer!

*001*2023-07-03 20:19

Okay just had my second 10 ounces of water (plus the soup). About to go walk my dog and I'll update how I'm doing when I get back. Should feel a good bit more pressure and some squirminess by then!

*003*2023-07-03 20:47

Pressure in my bladder is building nicely to where I can feel it with each step on my walk, nearing a 6/10 I’d say.

*005*2023-07-03 20:59

Just got back from the walk and I'd say I'm just starting to approach feeling desperate! although plenty more room yet. My bladder filled very nicely over the course of the walk. Up to a 6.5 now - distracting, definitely squirmy but nothing too hard to handle yet. Towards the end I got a wave that made me have to kneel down and press into my heel though.

{{7 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

This is fun! Do you feel like you want to let out a little leak just to keep your mind focused on your wet spot and make it excruciatingly hard to keep holding?!

}}

Certainly later on in the hold I'll take you up on that 😉

I have filled rather fast so far so I'm going to let my bladder settle into this level of fullness so I can get ready to abuse it some more soon.

So no more drinking for the moment, but I'm up to challenges!

Actually just realized I have to have another drink in 15 minutes according to my once an hour rule so nvm! How much should I have, between 6 and 16 ounces?

*007*2023-07-03 21:07

Sure, I'm wearing boxers (they're very comfy, started wearing my partner's and then got some of my own) and a tank top. I have to see if I can remember how to upload a pic on here now that I have a new laptop

How much should I have for my next drink? I can't believe its so soon I'm already feeling pretty full!

*010*2023-07-03 21:14

She knows about me, and is cool with it, but not into it herself.

How much should I have for my next drink, which is now approaching fast my goodness!

I'd say I'm continuing to fill, just starting to get a slight bladder bulge now but nothing much yet. Unfortunately (or fortunately depending how you see it :P) my next drink is in 5 minutes so lmk how much I should have!

*012*2023-07-03 21:19

{{13 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

I love the plan! Would it be possible to see what you're wearing (not you, just your clothes)? If not, all good!!

16, duh! 😁

Then for a challenge.. how about you have to squat (knees by your chest) the entire time you're drinking?

}}

I missed this! 16 ounces huh? That will definitely be a challenge but I'm up for it, I said anywhere from 6-16. Any other suggestions (aka if someone wants me to drink a bit less for example haha)

*014*2023-07-03 21:21

Can I do 8 ounces now and 8 in half an hour or should it be 16 all at once? Either way the same amount will be filling up my bladder, I'll be nice and desperate soon!

Its drink time! since I didn't hear anything I'm going with 16 ounces all at once. I can always leak a little later and fill back up to stay bursting 😄

*016*2023-07-03 21:27

{{1 minute ago, wettishfettish said:

Separate it into two 8 oz sessions.. will be more fun for longer! Do you want to add any alcohol of highly caffeinated drinks in with the water?

}}

Not alcohol but maybe some tea yeah! I just drank the whole 16 ounces all at once, actually overpoured close to 17 ounces haha, but go bursting or go home right! That brings me up to 36 ounces in or on its way to my bladder, not counting the soup.

Don't worry I plan to make it at least another hour to my next drink, hopefully longer if I can let a little out when it gets really bad and keep myself full for a while!

Now, we wait...

But first, your challenges

*018*2023-07-03 21:32

Just completed the washing my hands and not drying them, was no sweat until I decide to try in warm water. I almost leaked, but stopped myself before any came out!

*020*2023-07-03 21:34

Just tried the squat (knees by my chest) and it wasn't too difficult so I decided to try bringing my knees up to my chest on my back. That DEEEFFF increased the urge! Nice and squirmalicious 🙂

*022*2023-07-03 21:38

{{8 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

Oh my goodness you're so daring, you're going to have a REALLY hard time holding!

}}

Yep that's the plan!

{{8 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

But as long as you already drank 16... May as well keep the schedule and down another 16 in a half hour. You can do it!

What's your desperation at currently?

We're the challenges easy so far?

}}

ANOTHER 16 in HALF an hour? It was on the hour! And that's a lot of water... I mean tea this time. But lets see how I'm doing, I'm always down to push it.

Currently I'd say I'm at a 7. I'm squirming pretty consistently and my bladder has started to bulge nicely, though it still has some room. Most of that 16 ounces probably has yet to hit it. I'm doing well, but definitely feeling full.

{{3 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

Good job! The harder the better.. may I ask again if it's possible to see what you're wearing?

Did you let out a spurt?

}}

I sent a pic! It posted as a link though I'm not sure why. And not yet, I want to wait to spurt until its a bit harder to hold on. I was thinking I might do some laundry while I wait to fill up. Movement apparently helps your bladder fill faster

*024*2023-07-03 21:57

{{13 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

Ok yeah, good plan! You want to take your tea on a walk around the block?

(did I miss the pic link? I don't see it)

Oof I see it now

}}

I do not think I could leave the house now. I'm up to an 8/10 at least. Just going downstairs to turn over the laundry and coming back up to make the tea was SUCH a struggle. My legs were shaking while I made the tea and I had waves of desperation down by the washer that almost made me moan out loud lol. And I bet the 16 ounces is still hitting me tbh

My bladder bulge feels very firm and hard to the touch and she's super round and visible!

