A Swimming Pool Accident

Author: Wet~~Fox19

*000*2017-03-12 22:35

I hope you all enjoyed yesterday's story. I know I enjoyed writing it (Twice T_T). This next one is also another story from when I was younger, but I was 15 when this happened. So, again, there I will put out there that I am a minor in this story, so if you don't like that, you've been warned. With that out of the way, let's get into the story. I hope you all enjoy.

It was summertime. The flowers had bloomed, the trees were a vibrant green, the bees were assholes, and the hot sun covered the land with light and heat. So much heat, in fact, that my dad had decided to bring us all along to the pool. My mom and dad had a relatively peaceful parting of ways when I was young – my mom took me, which is completely fine with me, don't get me wrong – so we spent the summers at my dad's house.

But I digress, he had recently bought a family membership to a private pool near his house, and thank goodness he had, because it was hotter than hot outside. So, we packed our towels and changed into our swim trunks, packed dry clothes, and hopped into the car. On the way there, I distinctly remember feeling a bit of an uncomfortable feeling in my bladder, but left it at that. Of course, I had already figured out I was into omo at the time, but my dad is one of the LAST people I'd tell.

We got to the pool and set up our things. Once I had gotten to eat lunch and put on sunscreen, I was free to go wherever my little heart desired. I remember having two small bottles of Gatorade (because I hate soda with a burning passion), as well as half of a bottle of water before I jumped in the pool.

I leaped off of the diving board, cannonballing into the refreshingly cold water. It genuinely caught me off guard because I hadn't expected it to be that cold. The tiny annoyance from my bladder showed itself again, presumably brought on by the sudden change in temperature. I, again, dismissed it. I love omorashi as much as the next guy, but there's no way that I'd piss myself in public.

Over the next 20 or so minutes I warmed myself up on the diving boards and adjusted with the temperature of the water. Once I was done with that, I swam over to my friends and joined them. I can't remember the name of the game to save my life, but it was a sort of in-pool version of volleyball. My memory is a bit fuzzy on that part, but I digress.... again.

30 minutes of me sucking at volleyball later, the bottles of Gatorade had began to go through my system, and I was still thirsty. It was easy to do the potty dance with my lower body under the water, but my bladder was making it known that I needed to go. I tried my best to suppress the need and got out of the water to grab another drink of water (which sounds a little funny when said aloud).

Getting fed up with my inability to play the game, I decided that I would calm down by using the diving board and the water slide. (The water slide was mostly used by little kids, but older kids – including myself – would try, and often succeed, to slow down and completely stop themselves at the bottom of the slide.) I made my way to a diving board and waited patiently in the queue. Once it was my turn, I ran up the board and jumped into the water. And then, like a truck full of cement, the need to pee hit me, and hit me hard.

Maybe it was the impact into the water, maybe my body had readjusted to the summer heat, but either way, I needed to pee and I needed to badly. I crossed my legs and my hands flew to my crotch. I knew that I could use the safety of underwater to hide me showing my desperation, but I quickly remembered that oxygen was a little more important.

I let my hands free of my bladder and swam to the surface. As I reached the surface, I felt my muscles tense up and a spurt of pee travelled along my cock and shot out into the pool water. It wasn't enough to make a cloud, but I could sure as he'll feel how warm it was, especially considering how cold the water was that surrounded it. The warmth was all too relaxing, and just as I had regained control of my bladder and began my swim to the nearest ladder, a second, much longer spurt escaped me.

Somehow, I managed to get that one under control, but the hardest part of my journey had presented itself before me, and that was the ladder. I knew that my bladder would be slightly less full at best after I made it out of the water. I grabbed onto the ladder and pulled myself out of the water. However, the tensing up of my muscles squeezed a large blast of pee out. Thankfully, it could easily blend – visually – with the water coming off of my trunks as well.

I jumped off on the ladder and hit the pavement running. Home stretch! You're almost there! I reassured myself as I ran to the loo. My pee was now leaking from me at an alarming rate. The longer I tried to hold back, the faster it came. It wrapped out my thigh and ran down my leg. I rounded the corner into the loo. It was one of those single-person bathrooms where there was just one toilet. I closed the door behind me, but it was to late. I fell back against the door, sighing in relief as my bladder exploded into my swimming trunks. I tried my best to hold back, but it was genuinely out of my control. My pee sprayed through my trunks a little, but most of it looked around my butt and spread from there.

Even after I was done, I still sat there for a minute, soaking up the warmth, before I stood up. Inspecting the damage, it appeared that most of it had soaked into the trunks, but would easily wash out with a quick swim. As for the puddle, that wasn't anything a paper towel couldn't clean up, and thankfully some were conveniently placed on the sink. After cleaning up, and ran out, jumped into the pool, and continued my day of fun in the pool.

Welp, after spending an hour writing this, I have to go use the bathroom. I hope you all enjoyed, and if you did, support is greatly appreciated! Thank you for your time and have a great day.

