What shall I wet tonight?

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-05-28 15:35

I've decided that I'm going to have an on purpose accident tonight either in the kitchen whilst washing up or in the bathroom, dashing in and not making it in time.

Should I wear my Pink Dungarees, Grey Joggers or faded 501s?

What about undies? The tiny union Jack thong? My grey Calvin's or a pair of expensive LaPerla knickers?

Anyone else planning a wetting tonight? What are you going to wear?

*002*2025-05-28 15:59

{{7 minutes ago, BigOrangeWX said:

Grey joggers and grey knickers is my vote.

Will we get a peek at your bush? If not that’s ok I understand completely if you’re not comfy.

}}

No chance of me getting that out on the internet!

*004*2025-05-28 16:12

{{9 minutes ago, Heloctre said:

The subject has been published several times, is that because you intend to get wet many times? 😅

}}

There might be a rewetting if my "accident" happens early enough. But thanks for the heads up on duplicate posts.

*007*2025-05-28 16:50

{{13 minutes ago, MickyMoist said:

I'd go 501's and calvins, but I'm sure whatever you wet it will be fab

}}

I'm thinking that but I do quite like how it wicks up the dungarees and gets the bottom of my t-shirt wet.

*013*2025-05-28 18:32

{{27 minutes ago, Piano59 said:

The tiny Union Jack thong with the grey Calvins on as well for me, and the faded 501's.

}}

Two pairs of pants? Thong over Calvins?

*014*2025-05-28 19:44

I'm going to go for the jeans and calvins.

I'll let you know how it goes 😏

*020*2025-05-28 21:23

{{1 hour ago, empty2 said:

Are you comfortable with sharing pics

}}

Nope, not a chance,I wouldn't want to be recognised.

*022*2025-05-29 07:33

I went for the 501s and grey undies.

I'd had a couple of cans of dark fruits cider when I got home from work and by late evening I was ready!

I put a plastic bag on my favourite chair put the kettle on and made my way to the bathroom.

I stepped into the bath and let go, as the piss escaped hissing through my jeans soaking them from crotch to ankles the stresses of the outside world faded away.

A few moments later reality kicked in I was a 28 year old professional woman, people respected me and valued my opinion and here I was standing in my bathroom soaking wet with my own pee.

Feelings of embarrasment and shame washed over me.

Not tonight Katherine, not tonight I told myself.

I removed my socks and went into the kitchen, made up a hot water bottle poured myself a large prosecco and grabbed a bag of Thai Sweet Chilli crisps.

I settled down in my favourite chair with the hot water bottle keeping my soggy crotch all nice and warm.

After watching Race Across The World it was nearly time for bed but first of all I ran myself a bath, got myself another prosecco and then I did something I've never done before, I got in fully clothed!

Lying in my bath with all my clothes on sipping prosecco felt wonderful.

You know what? I think I'll always dislike this side of me but I don't think I could appear confident and tough when I need to without it.

*024*2025-05-29 08:26

{{4 minutes ago, MickyMoist said:

Sounds lovely Katy, actually never tried getting in the bath or shower clothed, but you've definitely got me curious.

I like to put a waterproof blanket and some towels on the sofa though, settle down in front of the tv with a bottle of wine and just wet myself as and when..

}}

You should definitely try the fully clothed bath although I wouldn't wear a hoodie next time!

