My First Wetting

Author: Wet~~Fox19

*000*2017-03-12 01:41

So, considering I am a newer face around this community right now, I figured that I should share my story with you lovely ladies and gentlemen. As a quick disclaimer, this is a story of a younger me wetting myself, so if you don't like "Ageplay" (I guess), then you have been warned.

When I was much younger, 3rd grade maybe, I would pee myself in the shower because it was warm and it felt soothing, but I had never wet myself fully clothed. However, one very cold winter night would more than change that. I was twelve and it was mid January, the cold weather had an iron grasp on the town I lived in. I had gone upstairs and tucked myself in, waiting patiently for my mother to turn out the lights. I hadn't used the bathroom before I went upstairs because I hadn't needed to. However, I did have a rather large glass of apple juice. Mom cut the lights and retreated to her room for the night.

An hour and a half of uncomfortably rolling around and a very, very distracted mind later, I had recognized my need to pee. I sat up and scanned the ground by my bed for my underwear (I sleep naked). I found a pair, light red with black stripes, and put them on, followed by my dark gray sweatpants. I stretched and stood up. It only took me a few seconds to realize my error as I leaped back into bed.

My room was poorly insulated and the heat had been left off, so there had been a brisk cold settling in. When I got out from under my warm, quilt-covered atmospher, the cold hit me like a freight train. That combined with my sudden movements had severely worsened the condition of my bladder. It went from an annoyance to a pressing issue in a matter of seconds.

The next thirty minutes were filled with uncomfortable twisting and figitting, a plethora of thoughts, and the occasional staring contest with the ceiling. One thought that really stuck out was something that I had been thinking about days before I had ever been in my situation. Why not just wet the bed? It'll be just like peeing in the shower, right? It was a poor choice to move my focus, however, as I felt a tiny spurt escape into my underwear. I felt my face explode into a flush as I threw my hands down to my crotch.

Snapping back to reality made me realize how much my bladder hurt. I knew that if I didn't get up and go to the bathroom now, I would pee myself. I sat up, regretting it immediately as I briefly lose control of my bladder. A stream of pee floods my underwear, an unusually nice warm feeling overwhelming me. I lay back down, trying to bring it under control. I manage to bring it down to a trickle, but it doesn't stop. Running out of time, I list my options:

1.) Get up and go to the bathroom. This one is obvious, yet impossible. With my bladder leaking right now, standing up would only lead to me relieving myself right then and there.

2.) Holding it in. I could simply sit here and hold it in, right? Well, no.... I am leaking more and more into my underwear by now, and I can feel it beginning to test how much my underwear can absorb.

3.) Instead of delaying the inevitable, I can simply relax and let it all go. My thought from earlier returns to my mind. Every minute this option looks more and more enticing.

Oh no. All this thought and I made that fatal mistake again. The stream kicks up again, easily going though my underwear and it begins to soak my pants. I can feel it pooling around my butt. There's nothing left to do. Not even bothering to move to the bottom of my bed, I decide to let the stream turn into a torrent. When I relax, the expected torrent turns into a gushing blasting of pee.

As it begins to pool beneath me, it makes a small splashing noise. I sigh as I feel it soak through my pants and sheets, pooling below me. It feels so warm. The warm puddle expanded unimpeded, leaving a warm feeling in it's wake. By the time I was done, the area of effect ran from my mid torso all the way down my thighs and stopping above my knees.

It felt great. The relief of not having to pee. The relaxation of releasing my bladder. The excitement of setting the bed. The soothing warmth of the puddle that I know lay in. But something else was in the mix of emotions. Something that my maturing body had never previously recognized when peeing in the shower. It was arousal. For some odd reason, I felt briefly aroused.

I fell asleep almost immediately. The trouble of a full bladder was no more and my mind was at peace. I woke up the next morning to a house that had not been yet touched by the light. Though it was morning, the taller neighbouring hill across from our hill blocked the moring sun from showing its face. I snuck downstairs and stole a towel from the bathroom and dried myself off and did the best I could to hide my "accident". It was the first step on my journey to discovering Omorashi, which I love to this day.

I hope you guys enjoy that one and I surely will be doing stories in the future. Have a great day.... or night....

*002*2017-03-12 21:12

{{11 hours ago, Sgt. Xana said:

That was a good story, retold well! It's always nice hearing how people got into omo

}}

Thank you so much. I would've liked to be more descriptive, but the page crashed or something and deleted my entire story. Sorry I couldn't reply sooner, my account has a thing were I have a limited number of posts/replies I can make.

*004*2017-03-12 22:37

{{21 minutes ago, hoimi said:

Thank you for such a well written and detailed story!

Were you punished for your accident or were you able to hide it?

}}

I was able to hide it. Thankfully, it was a weekend so my mom slept in. I washed the sheets quickly and put them in the dryer. I ended up forgetting about it, so my mom found my sheets in the dryer, but she was happy when I told her that my sheets needed cleaning, so I thought I'd do it for her. lol Thanks a bunch for the support!

*009*2017-03-14 02:43

{{23 hours ago, hoimi said:

I have a chunk of lost time following an assault and I feel like, due to intense fear of wetting the bed I had afterwards, I might have had bed wetting episodes that I don't remember.

Dunney, are you fully asleep when you wet? Do you have pee dreams and then feel it while sleeping? How did you know that you wet three to four times?

~ArcticFoxxo~, do you prefer holding or wetting? Can you wet in your bed now? Do you sleep with a protective guard on your bed just in case out of memories from your accident?

Sorry, I am such a curious beast!

}}

Don't worry! I love questions and I love answering them! I am so close to finally getting out of IU, so my post limit will be gone soon.

Yes, my mattress is protected and yes, I do wet my bed intentionally, and unintentionally from time to time. Both feel lovely and I heavily recommend you give it a go. The cleanup is quick and easy, and so worth it. I will be go8ng over some accidental wettings in today's post. <3

