A wet walk in the woods

Author: Wetlaura

*000*2022-07-09 20:43

So today, I decided to start a pretty challenging hold. The rules to it were that the time starts after you drink 500 ml of water, then you drink another 500 ml of water over 30 minutes, and then 250 ml every hour. The goal is to make it to 5 hours with a wet spot that is only slightly bigger than your hand can cover. I was confident that I would be able to make it to the 5 hours without leaking at all. I would soon come to the realization that would be a lot harder than I had anticipated. After about an hour of holding and 1250 ml of water down, I was at a 5 or 6 out of 10 in desperation. Just enough to make me start to squirm. I had a feeling I wouldn’t be making it to the 5 hours dry. I changed out of my pajamas and into purple panties, black athletic shorts, and a forest green sports bra. I decided to go onto one of my local walking trails in the woods. 

I had just the spot in mind to go - a wooden bench on a seldom used trail right next to a creek. It was about a 10 minute walk to the trail, and another 5 to the bench. As I walked out the door, a wave hit me and my desperation went from a 6 to a 9.5. I grabbed myself hard and felt my crotch become slightly damp and warm. Luckily there was no one around to see me almost loose it! When I got to the trailhead I had leaked a few more times, I hadn’t been able to grab myself though w there were people nearby, so my panties were quite wet at this point (not just wet with piss 😉 ) I drank about 500 ml more water before I started the walk to the bench. 

At this time I was probably at a steady 8-8.5, and it was quite difficult to not grab myself. When I was almost to the spot this group of people came by and one of course had do drop their water bottle and spill it everywhere. That caused me to start leaking and that leak turned into a dribble that went down my thighs and into my socks. I was wearing white socks, but luckily I was very hydrated so you couldn’t really tell that they were wet. I eventually stopped the dribble and looked down at my crotch to see how obvious it was that I had just had a huge leak, and all you could see was a little bit of shine from the wetness.

After 30 seconds you couldn’t tell at all. I had finally gotten to the bench, and the sound of the creek had brought me up to a 9.6, so I decided to sit down and hold as hard as I could. Despite my efforts, I could feel the warmth start to spread even more and see the warm liquid go through my fingers and down to the ground. I eventually stopped trying to hold it back and fully let go. I had to go so bad the stream was going through my panties and shorts with a good amount of force. I had to be going for at least 2 minutes. 

After I was done, I sat in my wetness for a bit, but then I herd people coming. I got up, looked back at the bench and saw a wet imprint of my ass on the bench and a large puddle underneath. I then looked at myself and could hardly see anything. I decided to find a little bit more a secluded spot for some … erm … fun… heh… When I got to the more private spot, I found that my panties had become almost transparent, and you could see pretty much everything. I will leave the rest up to you to imagine what happened there.

