Milovana holding challenge

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2022-08-22 08:30

Hello everyone, today i am going to do something what i have thought many times. I have been curious about trying out the rapid desperation method and doing one of the milovana holding challenges. Only thing why i havent done this already is time, honestly i have not got enough time to try this out before now! But better later than never, right?😉

Okay, today i finally have enough time to try this cause i have a day off from my work and a house completely for myself. I am super curious how this will end up for me, what i have read or hear from people trying this almost everyone has told that this thing is a real bladder burster! So i am anxious to try this out.

I have already started to preparing myself with the rapid desperation method and have been drinking water steadily in every 15 mins, i just peed once while ago and not needing to go again yet. I am about half our in for my preparation and will doing this atleast half an hour more to be sure my body will be ready and on full steam.

I will keep updating my experience in this topic as i go on, hopefully you would enjoy it like i sure will.😀 I am going to wear some brown pants with gray boxers underneath them and a t-shirt. I will post few pics here aswell for you guys to see.

Update:1 Time to get another glass of water soon, i am starting to feel light urge to pee rn but i will have a glass of water and when the urge is going to be bigger i will go to the toilet and empty my bladder again. I think this method is starting to work on m

*001*2022-08-22 09:21

Update 2: I just had a glass of water again and i emptied my bladder about 10 mins ago and i already feel urge to pee! Oh my. i think this is going to be fun experiment for me. I will be continuing my preparation for a while before getting ready for the challenge i just want to be ready when i start the challenge.

Here is a pic of my outfit i will be wearing throughout the challenge.

&&

*002*2022-08-22 09:47

Update 3: I am having a cup of coffee rn to spice things up a little, caffeine is making my bladder crazy usually so let see how it goes this time.🤣 I am feeling urge to pee again! I will do my final bladder emptying after i am finished my coffee. I think i will be ready for the challenge after that, my body is already filling my bladder so quickly that i cant even understand it is possible..hah.

Update 4: I am starting the challenge now, i just emptied my bladder one last time before starting the challenge. I am going to do the extreme desperation challenge for today, wish me luck!

*003*2022-08-22 11:50

I finished the challenge, and it was just as hard i could imagine. At first few task i was like: "hey that is the easiest thing ever". But in now time i was getting to know there is now reason to bee too comfident with your bladder. heh. As the time goes and need to drink up 2 more glasses of water my bladder was absolutely bursting! No way to deny it.

As the challenge continued i was getting too desperate and leaked few times doing sit ups, oops.😆 But managed not to let all out and so i continued the challenge. But it comes to very clear i wouldnt be able hold it much longer and finally i started to leak uncontrollably in my pants and i had no way to regain control... I must peed almost minute straight, without sign of stopping! After it finally stopped, there i was: all wet.🤣I will share a pic what i was like after my challenge ended.

&&

