My first (full) public wetting!!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-10-13 21:04

So I had my first full planned public wetting yesterday and it was a dream! I specify that because I have had small leaks and partial wettings in public many times before due to my overactive bladder, but I am always quick and careful to cover them up with a sweater or long sleeve shirt tied around the waist. However, this was my first time going out with a bursting bladder, fully planning to come back soaked and releasing my full bladder in public, in my pants. It was a huge thrill and I definitely will be doing its again as soon as I can. Here is the thread for my hold before setting out for my wet walk yesterday:

$/94095-starting-a-hold-already-squirmy/

So the experience started out with me realizing to my delight that my bladder was squirmy-full (6.5/10) and deciding to up that to bursting over the next few hours with lots of fluids and no more toilet visits. Whenever I do holds I like to keep going until I wet myself involuntarily, its the most fun for me to push my bladder to the brink. Today was no different, but I had a daring idea - what about going out for a walk once I was unbearably desperate, enough that I knew I wouldn't make it home dry? I was nervous, but very excited and it was dark out so that gave me some courage. I decided to wear some black sweatpants I had accidentally leaked in earlier that day so they had a small, slightly visible damp patch already when I set out.

Once I had already had a small leak and 4 spurts at home, I decided to fill up my bladder just a tad more (I was at an 8.5/10 at this point) to replace the spurts I had lost and get me up to a 10/10. Someone in my dms also dared me to wait 30 minutes more before heading out on my walk, which I obliged, just to make sure I really had no chance of getting back dry.

The first thing I noticed upon putting on my previously peed black sweats and setting out was it was pretty cold out where I live which definitely upped my level of desperation a bit. No problem, *squirms*. Walking went better than I expected at first although I could feel my bulging bladder stretching firmly against my waistband as I walked. I was still waiting with nervous anticipation for the extra water I drank before I left to hit me and make things worse (I mean, better 😉 ). Nervous,I found a field near my house I could walk through for some discreetness, but I only had one small leak while walking through it, and then I was back on well lit neighbourhood streets, walking with my swollen bladder and nowhere to release.

It was actually easier than I expected and quite a thrill to walk with an absolutely bulging bladder and a warm damp patch against my crotch, I just crossed the street when I encountered people. However, I was definitely getting close to losing control. I decided to try to make it 2 more blocks on neighbourhood streets without pissing myself, and then if I couldn't hold it anymore, I'd be back to the field from another direction. By the end of the first block, I felt another couple spurts re-warm my crotch, and another little leak after that, but I decided daringly not to tie the shirt around my waist till I fully wet myself. For now, I owned my slightly wet bum and felt a thrill at being now notably wet in public, even if it was dark out with dark pants on. My bladder was feeling really heavy now, and I was being hit with deliciously unbearable waves of desperation as I walked up the second block.

Heading for the field in anticipation of releasing my bladder, I felt a longer spurt snake down my leg. I picked up my pace, but my control was gone: I began spurting more and more in plain view as I walked down the street and got closer to the field! As much as I was nervous, the feeling was such a rush! I kept walking, spurting freely and uncontrollably with almost every step, until I reached the end of the concrete path to the field. Right there, I gave in to the pressure and released a flood of warm pee into my black sweatpants, splashing down onto the concrete below me. It felt amazing, and I continued to pee my pants freely as I stepped off the concrete onto the grass thinking I had seen someone. I was in too much pleasure to care, my bladder was so full that I continued to soak my pants for what felt like several minutes (but was probably more like a little over a minute).

My shoes got super squelchy and warm too which was fun, as its been a long time since I peed myself outside wearing shoes. I quite enjoyed the squishing as I walked back. The black sweats were a great choice for wetting as well, they turned out to be very absorbent and got super soggy and clung to my legs as I walked home. Afterwards because I was so drenched, I was a little shy to walk back along the well lit street (piss was still dripping down my legs and soaking into my sneakers). So I walked back another way and went in through my backyard, but of course, I couldn't resist rewetting my pants with whatever I had left in my bladder by the time I got back to my house.

This was an amazing experience, and something I never would've thought I was brave enough to do before yesterday. I can't wait to get wet in public again sometime. Here are some pics of my pants and shoes after my wetting (the wet patch is not as big for the amount I peed because the pants are slightly loose) and my wet puddle on the concrete before I moved to the grass.

*001*2023-10-13 21:10

&&

&&

&&

&&

*008*2023-10-14 19:06

{{20 hours ago, PipiTiger_Frank said:

This ist so nice written! Many many thanks for Sharing you sweet wet one! Looks incredible cute your wet pants! 🙂

}}

Ah that's such a compliment about my writing! I actually enjoy writing short stories and poetry as a bit of a hobby, and I particularly enjoy writing and reading omo-erotica like this about mine and others' experiences.

{{12 hours ago, HereToStay said:

Oh wow, this reads fantastic! 😍Welcome to the Serial Public Wetters Club. You‘ve earned it and it’s a lifetime subscription😉

}}

Hahaha, definitely earned that coming from you! I can't wait to do it again tbh. But don't know if I would have the courage with actual people around

{{13 hours ago, ThreadbareOmo said:

Thank you for sharing your adventures with us! It really is a rush, isn't it?

}}

Definitely. I didn't get it before because I don't actually want to be seen by someone. The thrill is from the fact that I COULD be I think, but stayed discreet

*009*2023-10-14 19:13

{{3 hours ago, Nils JD said:

It's so nice to see you completely soaked your sneakers. 🙂 And good choice to not wear socks, haha. Is this something you usually do with canvas sneakers?

I really like the feeling.

So, I bet you're looking forward to doing it the next time - as do we. 😉

Yours, Nils

}}

The soaked sneakers was a super fun bonus. Tbh I've only ever wet in canvas sneakers because these and another pair I've since retired were old/broken down so I was cool with them getting peed on. I like that it soaks into shoes like this though and they did fine going through the wash

*011*2023-10-14 20:05

{{9 minutes ago, Melon91 said:

Wow that's such an amazing story and well written! Is it okay if I ask if you had some fun with yourself afterwards? Pretty sure I would have if I did something like this.

}}

Thanks for the writing compliment (and to everyone else who said that! Truly means a lot🥺). Haha yeah I don't go into details about that in my public stories but I definitely did, it was super exciting.

*013*2023-10-15 05:16

For anyone who liked this story, I did another big hold for several hours this afternoon and wet myself while walking outside again! This time in light jeans and a coat that came to my knees.

$/94138-slow-hold-another-public-wetting/

