Wife losing control on her way to the porta-potty

Author: willbill

*000*2019-12-31 20:58

As requested, here is another incident with my wife's small bladder from this past summer while at an outdoor concert. My wife had consumed two beers in a short time. Shortly after, she mentioned she had to go to the bathroom, in which I stayed and listened to the band. About 5 minutes later, she returned with another beer. I told her that was quick, especially getting a beer in that time, she responded saying there were no lines to the porta-potties.

Then only about 10-15 min later while listening to the band, she said she needed to pee again but wanted to go after the current song was over. After the song was over a couple minutes later she asked if I could come with her to wait in line. I asked why she wanted me to go along and she responded with that she didn't know if she could make it there and wanted me to cover. I agreed, and accompanied her. It was about 150 ft to the porta-potty area, in which she stopped about only 30 feet short of the porta-potties, crossed her legs and stood completely still saying she was going to pee herself.

After about 10 seconds of standing there tightly cross legged, all of a sudden without saying anything, she made a mad dash into the closest porta-potty, which was open. About 2 minutes later, she came out saying she started to pee while trying to hold it and didn't stop it at all, losing control the entire time she was walking to the porta-potty and getting her pants down.

We left shortly afterwards, and we had to stop at a gas station half way through only a 10 minute drive home so she could pee again.

Hope everyone enjoyed the story. If anyone else has any similar or small bladder experiences of a wife/girlfriend or significant other, feel free to comment.

$

