Girlfriend and I wet

Author: wetset2015w

*000*2016-08-20 12:10

My girlfriend and I got together this past week and we had the Omo time of our lives. We live on different continents now so we try to make the most of it. Anyway, I'd like to share last night with you. We went out for dinner and than an early evening walk. She is now into Omo but one of her other fetishes is that she really likes to watch a guy cream in his pants. She enjoys this as well. So with that background info, we were playing around and stopped to kiss, etc. We sat on a park bench not too far from my place and I had been letting tiny little drops go into my underware and was feeling very aroused. She was wearing black satin panties and a black dress.

As we cuddled on the bench, I felt up her dress, her panties were soaked. I could feel her oozing into them. She then surprised me and climbed on me and fanned her dress over both of us. She proceeded to wiggle about, rubbing me off through my jeans and her panties. As she was doing this I started to cum into my jeans and she through her panties and then I felt and heard her peeing as hard as she could through her panties into my lap. I it was so loud that you could really hear the hissing. I started peeing as hard as I could through my pants. We both set there and peed as hard as we could through our pants on the bench, she sitting on top. We were soaked. We bolted up afterwards and went back to my place and changed.

She changed into a short green dress but left on the black panties and I changed into new unddies and black jeans and we went clubbling. Our fun didn't end there. Basically when she needed a wee she stood near the back of the club and went through her knickers. I was weeing in spurts off and on into my jeans. I got a bit carried a way at one point, and just peed as hard as I could into them and this time you could see me peeing. My pee stream came through my jeans before soaking back into the material. Even though the club was dark, two girls saw me but I could stop at this point. So we both bolted out of the club. We got out of public eye and my GF told me that she was so turned on that she couldn't wait till we got back to my place. She said she needed to cum now.

She sat on a curb, moved her dress out of the way the way and started rubbing herself through her panties. She was literally ooozing through her pants and quickly came and she peed into her panties as hard as she could whilst Cummings. I'm sitting her watching this show. I started cumming just watching this and she saw me start to cum through my black jeans; she jumped up, hugged me tight and pressed ourselves together and I peed my my pants afterwards whilst pressed against her. We didn't even change when we got back to my place. We just stripped down to our underware and came and peed in them throughout the night until we passed out from exhaustion. I know this may sound like a tale but it is true and the best night of my life. It was incredible. It beats certainly bests transcontinental Skype.

