Women: has anyone ever successfully peed through a fly?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2025-02-22 21:39

So after my few days back to back of omo play this week, I decided to try something yesterday just out of curiosity. An omorashi content creator Nerdy Faery has a few videos out there of her peeing through her fly into urinals and such. She always ends up getting her pants wet a bit too (so I was banking on that 😉) but the stream does go out of her fly into the toilet!

Anyway I tried this, really having to pee so the stream would be more powerful, and it was a complete bust😂 Just completely pissed my pants haha. It's something I'd love to be able to try, so anyone have any suggestions? Any women or people with a vagina tried this and succeeded?

&&

&&

*008*2025-02-24 23:34

{{On 2/22/2025 at 11:38 PM, ineedtogo80 said:

Wait are you gonna be getting a gogirl/stand to pee device? If not, you could always make your own :3

}}

No I meant trying to get the stream to come out my fly, regardless if I end up wetting my pants some (or a lot) in the process. More of a challenge since anyone can use a stand to pee device

{{On 2/23/2025 at 12:09 AM, wettingman said:

There was a woman on here years ago who tried to pee through her fly repeatedly. She got fairly good at it ,by being sure to hold the fly as far open as she could and thrusting her pelvis forward. Otherwise it cought on the zippet.Perhaps if she could have spread her labia some she could have avoided a mess, but that was difficult wearing jeans. It took practice.

She got to the point that most of her pee made it in the toilet. The one problem she could not solve was at the beginning and the end of her stream, when of course it's weaker. That either never made it clear of her jeans or dribbled through her fly and down the outside if her jeans. So she ended up with wet pants.

It was hot as hell to watch her pee flowing through the fly.I mean really sexy.

}}

Okay this is helpful! Yeah I got the impression nerdy faery was sort of tugging her vulva/labia up to direct the stream out. Definitely seems harder than it looks. I would still consider it a success though if the stream was coming out through the fly even if my pants got wet at the beginning and end! Do you have this person's @ on omo.org so I can see how she did it?

*009*2025-02-24 23:40

{{On 2/23/2025 at 1:46 PM, wetskipants2 said:

... and after that discussion, there's one to be had about peeing into someone else's fly and kindly wetting their pants for them!

}}

A very considerate service!!

*016*2025-04-15 23:33

{{On 4/10/2025 at 12:25 AM, ilikeadultvids said:

Yep, I have seen Nerdy Faery try to keep her pants dry and spectacularly fail in doing so when she tries to use the urinal. Sometimes I find myself rewatching the same video on loop and continuing to cheer her on. Maybe she'll get it this time...

Anyway, @Wetlifter37

Have you tried this again and had any success? I bet you could do it with enough tries. Let us know.

}}

I haven't had a chance to try it yet, I'm in a really busy part of the semester with university currently. But I'd definitely like to in the future! And the good thing about enjoying wetting is I wouldn't mind at all if a good bit of pee ends up going down my legs, that's part of the fun! But I would like to get a distinct stream out the fly of my jeans, I would consider that a success

*023*2025-04-19 23:53

{{On 4/15/2025 at 9:38 PM, ilikeadultvids said:

I know based on your previous videos, if you do post videos documenting your attempts, they would be absolutely delightful. To be honest, if you ended up completely drenched, we would love to see and we would consider that a success. If you ended up somehow managing to be dry, I think it would be impressive and many of us would watch it to be wowed by your technique.

}}

I'd have to consider the angles of how to document it without showing my vulva on camera lol. One of these days soon! My first time totally failed at aiming the stream out of my pants but I'm sure I could improve with practice!

