5 mile walk - hold and despirate pee in pants with video

Author: wetgarth

*000*2023-11-15 10:06

Encouraged by positive comments here, I thought I'd share this short video of me wetting in my walking trousers after a hold. Apologies for the following ramble but I wanted to set the scene.

This was a couple of months ago during a short September hot spell.

Whilst the significant other had gone on a shopping trip, this left me with the day to myself so as there are a plenty of country walks no my doorstep, decided that would be my exercise for the day.

For those interested, I was wearing my light weight grey walking trousers and grey boxer/briefs underneath. (the same ones I peed myself in on Mount Snowden - posted on here a while ago)

The route for the walk is a little over 5 miles and takes me through the town (it's only a small town) and out into the rolling fields & yorkshire wolds in a loop.

Off I went and at about 2 miles I was starting to feel the urge to pee and to be fair on the out of the way tracks, there are places with bushes & trees providing enough cover to have a sneaky pee. However as I wasn't that desperate maybe 3/10, so I carried on in full knowledge that once approaching home, I would again be walking through the town so couldn't pee anywhere and definitely not in my pants till I got home. (still to find some waterproof walking trousers that don't show wet on the outside and unfortunately can’t get away with snow pants in East Yorkshire as it doesn't get cold enough – ever!). I am not one for intentional long holds, as a rule as I generally just like to simply pee in my pants but on this occasion there was no option. I could feel the pressure building in my bladder to an uncomfortable level as I walked back down the high street at a brisk pace with a few beads of sweat now appearing on my brow.

I continued my tight legged walk quickening as I finally made it home. At at this point was a good 9/10 but decided to try and hold a little longer. Why not !! I had the house to myself and developed a plan as I had been walking. I thought it would be a fun idea to make a cup of coffee, sit outside to see how much longer I could last before I finally peed my pants.

Waiting for the kettle to boil was hell, squeezing my legs together, moving from one leg to the other, grabbing & squeezing my cock. Finally with the kettle boiled and coffee made, I sat my self outside at the back door putting my coffee on the table.

Sitting down eased the pressure so felt able to relax a little whilst I sipped on my hot coffee. At our back door there is a paved sheltered area, off from the main garden which is pretty well secluded and not overlooked. After a few more slurps of my coffee the urge to pee became much more intense causing me to cross my legs tightly to try and hold back imminent flow. I held this position whilst jiggling my legs for what seemed like an age until I finally felt the first trickles starting to leak into my pants. As I relaxed to let the flow start, I kept my legs tightly crossed thus it was a restricted slow and satisfying release that pooled on top of my trousers between my firmly pressed together legs. Once finished I opened my legs to reveal the wet patch of my trousers, enjoying that blissful wetness and warmth as the material of my pants clung to my skin.

I remained sat there for quite a while whilst I slowly finished my coffee now feeling relaxed as my legs were also tired from the brisk walk, feeling and observing the wet patches of my trousers.

I have shared the video that I took but apologise for my finger in the lens at first and a shaky hand. I was pretty desperate to pee at this point but hope you also enjoy my experience.

(PS I didn't end there, constantly feeling my wet pants got me very aroused so went inside and ended up cumming in my pants as well with an extremely satisfying orgasm. But I will not post that on here, that's possibly for DM's only I think)

Anyway, enjoy and as always happy for feedback.

Long walk hold and pee.mp4

&&

*002*2023-11-15 12:15

{{6 minutes ago, GotaSecret said:

Wow, that pooling of pee on top of the fabric, gorgeous! 👏

I really enjoyed the ramble as well, haha, it's nice to get a bit of background story

}}

Glad you enjoyed the little back story as well 🙂

