First of many

Author: Weakbladder

*000*2016-05-22 13:28

Hiya! I'm new to omo.org but I'm glad to be a part of it! Now, I love to hold my pee. I honestly almost never use the toilet if I have a day off and I stay home most of the day, and even when I'm not. I hold until the last minute, or until it's to late. I just love the feeling. Now, having just given you this information. You can imagine what types of situations I've been in with both purposeful and accidental holdings and wettings. Starting from about eighth grade (when I figured out I had this amazing fetish) to my current age. (23) So I'll be sharing both recent and past wettings.

So, I'll start off with a story about when I had an accident in the car with my parents and my brother about a month ago.

Alright, so my brother goes to a college that is roughly five and a half hours away from the town that both me and my parents live in. (I'm not giving away personal info, sorry. ^^') Now, being the person I am. Which is a unpunctual procrastinator who has a nack for putting things off until the last minute. Especially when it comes to peeing. Which I sometimes ignore intentionally, but not this time. In my defense, I didn't have to pee very badly when they first picked me up. ANYWAY- Back to the story. Sorry, I get a bit side track sometimes.

So, as mentioned, my brothers college is five and a half hours away, and he doesn't get to visit much. Only on holidays and special occasions. So my mom made a mandatory 'rule' to have us, as a family go and pick him up from college when he got the chance to visit with us.

That morning I had woken up at about eleven, took my morning pee, and got ready for my parents to pick me up. Now even though I know for a fact that my bladder is about the size of ping pong ball and is as weak as first grader, I decide to be ballsy and drink a huge cup of coffee after my morning pee. My first mistake.

So, after I down my cup of coffee, I head to my room to get dressed. Now, I have to dress relatively nice. If it would have been up to me, I would have worn a hoodie and a pair of leggings. But seeing as how my parents like to eat at a nice restaurant after picking my brother up, I have to dress nice. So I throw on a pair of my dark blue jeans on, that stop right about the ankle, and my favorite flannel crop top with a grey undershirt to cover my stomach. (By mothers request, not mine.) I then throw on a pair of black cut out heels. Viola, my ensemble was complete. Not to casual, yet not to formal. I'm going to go ahead and not describe me putting on make up, because its really unnecessary to include so I skip to when it all start going down hill.

My parents showed up at about twelve thirty, so it gave the coffee a good hour and a half to set in, and to be honest. I could feel the slightest twinge in my bladder, but I decided to ignore it, surely my parents would stop before I got to desperate. Right? I grabbed a bottle of water before heading down the stairs of my apartment when I heard the honk of my dad's car. Which meant he was growing impatient.

[I'm going to write the rest in a sort of story telling fashion with dialogue and such so you guys can get the full effect. I'm weird, I know]

My dads 2010 Red Nissan titan sat in the parking lot of my apartment complex, my mom outside of the car of course, on the phone with my brother, explaining to him that we were about to be on our way. She was practically beaming as she hung up the phone, I approached just as the call ended.

"Hey mom. I'm ready, and on time for once." I joked, trying to make small talk with her.

"Oh sweetie, don't you look just adorable! Phil, doesn't she look nice?" My mom exclaimed threw the open window of the front passengers side.

Now, my father was not a man of many words. All I got from him was a faint smile and a nod. To which I nodded back in response before climbing into the backseat, on the right-side behind my mom and soon we were off.

I don't know what it is about long car rides, but whenever I'm in a car for a long period of time. Within the first thirty minutes I'm out like a light for a couple hours. Which you can imagine, happened on this trip. My mom turned on the radio, and I leaned my against the window and next thing you know, I'm passed out. Dead to the world.

Of course I wake up a couple hours later and the twinge in my bladder has turned into a dull, yet noticeable ache. I was going to need to bathroom soon. As I start awake, I looked our the window and watch the road until I see a sign that has a list of distances to locations and stuff. I look and find the town we are heading to, and we still have a torturous one-hundred and four miles left. That's a little less than two hours. Great...

"Hey mom, are we going to stop anywhere soon? I kind of got to pee." I hate to admit it, but they know from experience when I was a kid what would happen if I didn't get to a restroom on time on roadtrip or when I was in public and couldn't find a restroom.

"Oh dear, I knew we should have woke you up. We stopped at a gas station about thirty minutes ago so we could get snacks, and so that I could use the restroom. You just looked so peaceful that I didn't want to wake you." My mother said, regret filling her tone as she shook her head.

"Well, can't we just stop again at the next exit?" I said, a bit irritable. Due to the fact that I just woke up, and that I could've peed thirty minutes ago. Part of me was excited, but part of me really didn't want to wet myself in front of my parents.

My dad gave a stern sigh, "You're just going to have to wait. I just stopped, I'm not stopping again. Surely you can hold it until we pick up your brother."

"I don't know. You do remember her frequent accidents when she still lived with us, don't you. She does have a weak bladder, we both know this." My mom tried to are my case.

"She's twenty-three, surely her bladder is a bit bigger and stronger now, honey. She's not thirteen anymore." My father retorted, which just ment a more stern no.

I didnt really have much of a choice now. I gave a huff, and crossed my legs relieving the pressure for the time being, which didn't work for very long, it helped for all of about twenty minutes before I felt my bladder go from a dull ache to a noticeable and growing urgent call for release.

The next two hours on the road were completely torture. Although I kept a facade that nothing was bothering me, my lower half said differently. By the four and half hour mark of the trip, both of my legs were double crossed and my thighs were pressed tightly together with both of my hands so far in my crotch that you could only see my arms from the wrist up. I was bouncing my butt lightly and trying to hide my heavy breathing. I almost cheered when we got off on the exit to the town where my brothers college was located.

"Okay. The game plan is that we pick your brother up, and then we head to the restaurant of your brothers choice and you can use the bathroom there. Sound good, sweetie?" My mom said, a sympathetic smile resting on her face as she turned around to face me. At the this point I was wiggling my butt around in the seat and nodded. Although I didn't see why we couldn't stop at one of the dozens of gas stations we passed up on the way to pick him up. I didn't question it though. I was just focusing on my swollen bladder and trying not soak myself in front of my parents, mainly because my dad would be pissed if I a pissed myself in his truck.

Here's a little update on how my bladder was doing at this point.

In serious danger of letting go. I was at a nine out of ten. On the verge of my first real accident since I moved out. My pants were digging into my bladder bulge that was now visible, even through my undershirt. It was now crying at me to release all the liquid to give it relief. I was supppppperrr desperate. Some howling have managed not to leak, but it won't be long before it starts to happen.

About five minute later, we pull up to the front of his school. He was waiting chipperly with a couple duffle bags beside him. Immediately upon arriving, my dad jumped of the car and hugged him, having him put his bags in the back of the truck and then getting back into the truck, followed by my brother getting into the backseat opposite of me. I of course, and reluctantly give him a big hug, because it had been a good six months since I had seen him.

"There's my little sis!" He said as he squeezed me tight, which caused me to grunt a little bit and wiggle.

"H-hey Chris.. I missed...you." I sputtered out, as i broke the hug and immediately returned one of my hands to my crotch.

"What's wrong with you, did you develop a St-St-stutter while I was gone?" He laughed.

"No gon, she has to pee real bad. Remember, like when she was younger and always seemed to have to pee?" My mom giggled out.

Chris nodded and laughed lightly. "Yeah. And she'd always have to wear diapers on long trips. Hysterical! You still have the bladder the size of a first grader?" He laughed mischievously before poking me in the side.

I screamed and hit him with my free hand. This caused me to accidently let out a four second leak. Enough to make a quarter sized wet spot on the front of my jeans. "Chris! Don't! I have to pee really bad!" I glared, and whimpered and wiggled as he noticed my wet spot.

"Better hurry, Dad. Pee pants megee is about to strike again." (Yes. Pee pants megee. My brother is forever stuck in the 90's XD)

"Oh god, I have to pee so bad." I groaned, holding my abdomen and bending over as I wiggled viguosly. Barely holding all of my pee in. My bladder now sending spams everything couple of seconds.

"Your dad is hurrying. I'm sorry, baby. I know you're hurting." My mom sighed, looking at me sadly, and then looked ahead. Her breath hitching when she saw the traffic. "Phil, pull over at the gas station. There is too much traffic for her to make it to the restaurant." My mom demanded, rather than asked.

My dad nodded and pulled into the gas station parking lot as quickly as he could. Not meaning to, my dad ran over a speed bump to quickly, and rattled the car, which caused me to leak again.

"Ah!" I whimpered and squeezed tighter. I was filling a overwhelming of arousal and pain. Arousal at my situation, pain at my swollen bladder. "Oh god. I don't even know if I can walk." I stammered out.

The car came to a halt and my dad turned towards me. "Look, I don't care if you end up wetting yourself. It's not the first time. Just don't do it in my car."

I shakily opened the door and hopped out. Which was a mistake because as my shoes hit the asphalt a huge spurt escaped and doubled me over. I had to hold onto the car door and squeeze my legs together so tightly before heading toward the entrance of the building.

You could obviously tell I had to pee because 1.) There was a huge wet spot on my crotch and down my right thigh. 2.) I was doing this hobble thing towards the building and stopped and stopped halfway to the building to hold myself, that was it. I couldn't walk any farther. I just couldn't.

I looked back at my dads truck and sighed, I wished I had just hid behind his truck and peed but no. I had to try and make it to the bathroom.

I sighed and straighten up once more and walk towards the building, I made it about two baby steps before I grabbed myself hopped lightly in place. I looked around and saw a old married couple pumping gas, and a couple teenagers watching me. The teenagers snickering, the couple giving me weird looks.

"I can't walk anymore. I just can't. Oh god my parents are gonna see me wet myself again. Shittttt." I whispered to myself, and sighed. I stood there for a good minute holding myself before I felt a spurt escape, and the spurt turned intone stream, which turned into a flood.

I sighed in relief as the pee escaped me. It spread from my crotch, down my thighs, and down the back of jeans. Completely soaking the majority of my pants. It felt so good though...so good. Sweet sweet relief.

I peed for a solid three minutes, a puddle formed underneath me. I sighed and shook off my shoes before doing the walking shame back to the truck, a jacket laying in the spot where I sat when I came back. The car was silent as we drove to the restaurant. I, of course, had to wait in the car while they ate because I had to wear my soaked pants for the majority of the car ride back until my mom stopped at Walmart and got me a pair of clean underwear and shorts.

I don't know what to say, just call me pee pants megee xD

Anyway, that's my first story. Hope you liked it!!

