Trying pull ups

Author: wetnessgold

*000*2016-11-08 15:53

Hello!

Today I tried pull ups for the first time; yesterday I finally found the courage to buy pull ups, I chose a pack of always discreet underwear super. I wanted to know how much they can absorb so I put one on me, I went to toilet and just peed like if I wasn't wearing anything. Once my urine leaved my body it was at first immediately absorbed by my "special panty" but rapidly there was to much pee coming, I felt it creating a very warm puddle in my crotch and butts, it was an amazing feeling, I just want it to continue forever but finally my bladder emptied, and to my surprise it doesn't seemed that it leaked, I felt my now swollen pull up and it was warm and a little wet,so it had leaked a little... well it normal that it leaked it's not a diaper but I was also a little pee (not like if I have just lost all control)

I kept wearing it for some time while watching me in the mirror, but it began to cool down and I didn't like it directly on my skin so I put an other one and I decided to try it on public, since I like to be desperate but I couldn't support the embarrassment of having a pee accident in public even if it's not a full bladder release, the pull up will absorb any small spurts of pee letting me the time to go back home. So I began to drink many water and chose a pair oft tight dark blue jeans that didn't show the waistband of my always discreet, I was impressed that there was absolutely no signs of what I was wearing.

Once my bladder began to fill I went for a walk, but half an hour later my bladder was near the maximum capacity, of course I began to walk back home. It was becoming more and more difficult to hide my desperation, but I'm sure I was walking funny with small steps and my legs tighten to maximum. Finally what had to happen, happened, I began spurting, first just some drops a few minutes later it began to be a small continuous flow, I had to stop and put pressing with my hands to stop it, a few guys saw this and laughed, I flushed bright red here I am holding myself like a young little girl who is going to lose control.

I couldn't move and suddenly my belly contracted so hard that it felt like someone punch me on it, that was too much for me, my pee literally burst out of me for a few seconds before I regain control. Scared it may have leaked I felt my crotch and my back... it was still dry, but it wasn't going to be the case for long, I stared walking almost running toward my house, spurting a little from time to time.

Once I reached the street of my house I began to believe that maybe I could make it without major damage, I felt my back again but it was a little wet just between my thighs and my bladder was really hurting now so I just thought fuck this and began running to my house, with each step a huge spurt flowed out, when I reach the front dour I didn't even wait to open it to just give up and let it flow out, Niagara falls were now flowing in my pull up, it began leaking heavily, I felt it running down my legs and overflowing the absorbent pad behind, I ruched to toilet and finished in front of it.

I felt so relieved and relax, I watch the puddle I've made, a great part of the bathroom floor was wet... I must take care of that before taking care of me, I took a towel and when I bend down I felt more wetness, my body and tight jeans were squeezing my urine out of my pull up, I loved this feeling,I ride up my jeans and sat on toilet, listening to the drops hitting water below. I then finished cleaning all the puddle and pee drops in the way from bathroom to front door. I went to take a shower and looked at myself in the mirror before undressing, now there was a small noticeable bulge behind and a little more noticeable at the front, it turned me on even more than I was, I took a shower and pleasured myself.

