Wow I just saw some amazing snowpants desperation (and maybe more?)

Author: wetting_fan

*000*2022-11-22 02:03

Calling the snowpants crew, you know who you are! ;]

I saw something seriously mind-blowing yesterday, I'm still questioning if it even happened or if it was all just a dream haha. I've been really craving IRL omo lately and the pee gods absolutely delivered lol. Though as hot as it was, I do hope that the lady involved was able to make it (though I have my doubts on that).

So I needed to return something at a thrift shop. I didn't even want to go there at first, but it was on the way to where I was headed originally. Ok, I'll just stop in to make the return then I'll leave. I walk in, and there is only one cashier operating the checkout. Now this store also has a policy where someone has to escort a guest to the bathroom if they want to use it in order to unlock it. You might see where this is heading... I'm at the register working on the lengthy return, and a woman races in from outside while seeming to not be able to stand up straight. Early 30s, blonde, wearing pink and black snowpants with a matching pink jacket. Not very puffy, more for skiing I'd bet. It's very cold here right now, and people just wear stuff like that when out.

It didn't register until she frantically started asking the cashier to open the bathroom. Unfortunately, the cashier was very rude and told told her that she needed to wait until she was done with the return. I told the cashier that it was no big deal and that she can help the lady, but she just acted like she was being bothered. Now here is where the story has a dilemma, this was about to be a full on fantasy playing out right in front of me, but I felt really bad for the woman involved. She was clearly embarrassed and definitely wasn't doing this for fun. Alas, I couldn't help but to enjoy such a rare treat.

She was doing a full on pee dance in her snowpants while waiting for the return to finish. Walking in circles with her legs buckled, literally hopping from foot to foot, the whole bit. The best was when she clamped her legs tight at the knees, looking like she was truly about to lose it. It was then that she spoke up about it being very urgent and pleaded for the cashier to open the bathroom. Someone was called on the intercom and she continued to do her dance - until she wasn't. I think that this is when she actually started to leak.

She stopped moving all around suddenly and just got all tense while staying frozen in position. She seemed much more calm afterward and almost walked normally to the bathrooms once the other attendant got to the front. No way to know for sure, but I'm pretty certain that I just saw a real accident. Turned on is an understatement, lol I practically couldn't drive properly after that and needed to chill for a moment. So yea, wow what a thing to see and to think that I almost didn't even stop there hah. Cheers,

*002*2022-11-22 03:34

{{33 minutes ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Great real world account! Thanks for sharing

}}

Np it was too wild not to share lol I'm still in awe

*008*2022-11-26 07:59

{{On 11/24/2022 at 1:54 AM, N4r4cs said:

Didnt you see any wet drops on the floor?

Anway, what was her shape in the snowsuit? 😛 Was she an attractive chic?

}}

No, the snowpants would have hidden it, that's the best part about them! hah. She was cute, fit and with her hair in a ponytail.

*014*2022-12-25 01:25

{{12 hours ago, jpee said:

I went skiing last weekend and heard two women say they were going to wet their pants. They were both wearing snow pants so I never would have noticed anyway, but I couldn't help but what them when I had the chance.

}}

Alright definitely going to need to hear more about this haha. Like fully on purpose or were they trying to hold it?

*016*2022-12-25 18:20

{{16 hours ago, jpee said:

I wish there was more to tell. I lost sight of them at the bottom of the mountain and honestly I wouldn't have been able to see anything if they stood in front of me and wet themselves. Darn black ski pants.

}}

Daw thanks for sharing anyway, that's seriously hot!

