Unintended Wetting on Mount Snowdon

Author: wetgarth

*000*2021-09-23 11:16

During the summer on a weekend away with my mate mountain biking in North Wales, we had also agreed to take in some walking/hiking as well. As we were very close to Mount Snowdon we decided this was a challenge that needed to be done. I had packed my lightweight walking trousers and hiking shoes ( I had also picked out my grey Calvin Klein pants as these have longer legs and are extremely comfortable for this sort of thing, They are also my favorites to wet in thought that was not intended for this occasion).

So all kitted out, off we went, waterproof coat, extra layers, lunch, snacks and water in the rucksack. It was warm and sunny at the bottom. It was also extremely busy, due to the COVID situation and limited travel abroad, everyone an their dogs were holidaying in the UK. After visiting the toilets in the car park (as there are obviously no toilets on the mountain) we set off. There was a constant stream of people attempting the summit. Some appropriately dressed like ourselves and some unbelievably in lightweight t-shirts, short and flip-flops.

So we set off on our trek to the summit ascending on the Pyg trail. We had been ascending the rocky track for about an hour when it crossed over to the other face of the mountain following the track. As we did, the weather changed quickly and started with a strong breeze and drizzle eventually developing into full on sideways blasts of wind and rain. At about 3 quarters of the way up the rain was unrelenting and at this point we were totally soaked through, despite the waterproof jackets, our trousers and pants were soaked at this point. There was also a constant trail of people making there way to the top and passing those on the way back down.

All the drenched. Toward the top the urge for another pee was becoming apparent. As said earlier, there are no toilets, no bushes or shelter to hide behind, everywhere is very open and very visible. However everyone was soaked through, most of the women wore exercise leggings which were glistening and dripping with with rain - or was it rain? It suddenly occurred to me that I can't have been the only one who would have needed a pee, and what better way to disguise letting it go when you are already soaked through. Once this thought had planted itself in my mind, it would not go. In fact I think it was this thought that spurred me on to the summit.

Every women that we passed with wet glistening pants, wondering if they had secretly wet themselves. The drizzle and rain never ceased and on the way back down I wondered if I also could get away with peeing in my pants without anyone, even my mate knowing. The answer is yes. as we walked (he was fitter that me so tended to be a few strides in front) and being desperate at this point, I started letting little spurts out every few steps. I was concision at first that there would be a noticeable wetter patch tracking the pee down my leg as the lightweight, already wet material was sticking to my skin.

It didn't show so was able to descend back to the car park constantly peeing in short squirts, fully emptying my bladder and totally distracting me from the efforts of the descent. Sock and shoes were already wet and squelching so again not noticeable. The experience of being able to secretly pee myself and enjoy the warm feeling knowing that no one passing could tell, was exhilarating as well as satisfying. The knowledge that I had secretly peed in my pants so publicly with no one aware filled me with excitement as I waited with complete strangers back at the car park, chatting away with not a care in the world.

One thing that sticks in my my is that I cannot have been the only one to pee their pants on the mountain that day and did any others get the same pleasure from it as me. So, not only did I reach the summit (another one ticked of the bucket list) but also had the pleasure of completely peeing in my pants in the process. This is one walk I will always remember.

*005*2021-09-28 09:45

{{On 9/26/2021 at 6:05 PM, Chris James said:

I remember reading a message from a guy who said he's peed himself in rain-soaked trousers on a cold day while waiting for a bus. What he hadn't bargained for was the steam rising from his legs!

}}

Haha - that would certainly of been a giveaway. I was very conscious of being discrete so only let small spurts out at a time, which added to the experience in that it was prolonged enjoyment all the way back down the mountain.

{{On 9/23/2021 at 6:55 PM, Lils said:

If I had been one of the women attempting the summit in sport leggings, I would have definitely done the same.

}}

What a shame you weren't there - but it was a very enjoyable experience

