My First Accidental Wetting

Author: WetPantyGirl

*000*2017-09-14 11:11

Hi, I'm new on this site so I thought it would be a good start for me to share the story my first accidental wetting <3

This actually happened not too far back, a couple of months or so when I was out with one of my good friends. We were in this wine bar taking, drinking and enjoying ourselves. As the time passed midnight we had both had five glasses of white wine and I was starting to feel a bit tipsy when we agreed to call it an evening and go home. Before leaving I didn’t have to pee, which struck me as a little weird considered the five glasses of wine and the water I had on the side. Be hugged and said goodbye outside the wine bar before setting of in different directions. I had 40 minute walk home but the weather was calm so I didn’t mind it. It had already turned dark and I walked along a long shopping street, full of people all out having a good time.

I hadn’t walked for long before the urge to pee finally caught up with me. Having only walked a couple of minutes I could have turned back and peed at the bar but the urge was not that bad so I decided to hold it. The urge however started to grow quite rapidly and it wasn’t long before I had to pee quite a lot, so much in fact that I was starting to look for a quiet spot to relieve myself but the street was full of young and/or drunk people so finding a spot wasn’t as easy. I was wearing a pair of tight jeans which put extra pressure on my poor bladder and at the same time would make it a bit harder to pee discreetly, than if I had been wearing a skirt or a dress. The urge continued to grow as a walked through the city and having to pee really bad I was soon holding my crotch, feeling quite nervous that I would make it home dry…

Five minutes later, my bladder had started to hurt and it seem impossible to hold it until I got home. Still looking of a peaceful spot to relieve myself, I became quite frustrated as every stop seemed to be either very well lid or very close to people. Walking passed a loud dance club, I knew that I had made it more than half way home. Desperately wanting to go inside and use their toilet I looked at the que of about 30-40 people standing outside waiting to get in I realized that it would most likely be faster to walk the rest of the way home. Although very tempted to walked up and ask the bouncer to let me in and use the toilet, I decided to walk along as it seem most likely that he would say no.

I decided to unbutton my jeans to remove some of the pressure from by bladder but it made almost no difference. Fighting to keep my pants dry I had a hard time walking normally in my fancy heels. Still with a firm grip on my crotch I as a couple of drunk guys walk into a lid ally about 50 meters from me. As I walked by, I couldn’t help but notice them unzipping their pants and started to pee against the wall. The sound of their pee hitting the ground made the urge so much worse and squirt of warm pee escaped my bladder and made it into my tight panties. Managed to regain control I knew that I had to do something fast, unless I wanted to soak my tight panties and jeans.

The moist feeling between my legs only made me have to pee even more but as I turned a corner, I saw a huge lorry parked to the side of the street not far from me. The lorry was parked on the side of the road that didn’t have any streetlights and I knew that unless I wanted to pee my pants, the lorry would be my only option. Walking as fast as I could another squirt escaped my bladder only a few meters away from the lorry and as I walked into the shadow, I could clearly feel a small stream of pee leaking into my panties even though I tried to really hard to hold it. Unable to stop leaking, I quickly pulled my already unbuttoned jeans half way down my thighs and as I squatted down I finally lost control. Unfortunately, with my panties still around my hips, I could clearly feel and hear the warm pee oozing out of my pussy and through my panties onto the sidewalk.

By the time that I was finally done peeing the crotch and back of my tight purple panties was completely soaked in warm urine. As a stood up and pulled up my tight jeans, the wet fabric of my panties was presses against my pussy a made a weird, unfamiliar and slightly uncomfortable feeling as I walked the rest of the way home.

*007*2017-09-15 21:45

{{On 14/9/2017 at 8:05 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

I hope it wasn't too bad for you... Did you get over it, or find it enjoyable in the long run?

If so, then really good story. (I don't want to enjoy it too much if you didn't)

}}

It's cool, desperation and wetting is kind of a turn on for me o: I like the thought/fantasy of wetting but not necessarily the real thing... Maybe, I'm not sure on that yet... I've been holding and wetting myself at home a couple of times but I wasn't really planning on doing anything public for quite a while /: But oh well, guess I add that to my resume then (;

*008*2017-09-15 21:46

Thank you guys and thanks for the welcome (: I'm really glad that you like the story <3

*009*2017-09-17 21:22

Thinking about it, this is technicly not my first public wetting o: Oh well, that'll probably be ny next story (;

