New Years Eve Car Desperation

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2025-01-12 20:53

This New Years I spent the holiday with friends at one of their houses about 3.5 hours drive from me. Many of my friends are spread out over 2 hours drive away, but this friend had the best place to hold the festivities at so I made the drive.

I didn't set out with any omo intentions, after all, I was on my way to meet my friends so any wetting was out of the question. However, about an hour into the drive I noticed a moderate, maybe 5/10 urge to pee. I must have forgotten to pee before leaving the house - I had peed when I woke up, drank some water and tea in the morning and left 2 hours later, meaning it had now been about 3 hours with those liquids working through me.

I enjoyed the feeling and continued on my way, cheekily drinking some water to see how quickly my need would increase. I have an overactive bladder so for long drives I usually wear an incontinence pad in case of a bladder spasm, meaning I was perhaps a bit more confident than usual. I also find that I usually hold well while driving/sitting down... to a point of course.

My bladder began to fill nicely over the next hour of the drive as I slowly but steadily sipped on my water bottle and enjoyed the country roads. I was well aware these had no rest stops, just a few towns to pass through, sometimes with long stretches in between, which gave me a bit of a thrill. By almost 2 hours into my drive, I had drank over 60% of my 1 litre bottle and was enjoying a much more present 7/10 urge. I was beginning to squirm, but it felt delicious, with no one in the car with me I was free to wriggle and hold myself as much as my focus allowed as I began to approach feelings of desperation. I felt solid, with no bladder spasms yet, and was enjoying the feeling too much to want to stop, so the next town I passed through I decided to deliberately deny myself relief and keep holding.

I reached for my hard plastic glasses case and wedged it between my legs to help me hold what was rapidly becoming a demanding bladder. For the next 20 minutes or so I grinded my hips subtly against the case as I drove, and I found I was able to withstand the pressure much better like this - plus by this point I was very horny so it felt really good. The first spasm hit me about 2 hours and 20 minutes into the drive, and with how horny I was, it felt amazing. Overactive bladder spasms for me range from a much increased urge to pee to pain, but these felt only like an increased urge to pee, which was very pleasurable in this situation. It was also difficult however, as I needed to focus on driving. But the spasm was short so I quickly returned to my nearly 8/10 bladder and regular focus.

I pulled over to check google maps. I was aware that despite how much I was enjoying this, I would need to stop soon to ensure I arrived dry to my friends'. However, I was hoping I could push things at least a bit longer, as I still felt solidly in control. The spasm had not caused me to leak. There was a town coming up in about 15 minutes, and another about 10 minutes later.

I got back on the road, deciding I would continue to deny myself relief until the second town. I passed through the first town without incident, unless you count constant squirming and grinding against the glasses case to distract myself from my now straining bladder. Between the towns there was nowhere I could have stopped even if I had needed to, and I rather relished in that. I remember around this point examining a forest and desperately considering parking my car on the curb and popping a squat between the trees. I was filled to the brim with pee and at this point was thinking with my bladder. But I decided it was too risky, it didn't feel private enough, especially if anyone drove by. I exhaled, I must continue to hold.

As I was between the towns, I began to experience more bladder spasms, but again, not painful, just a really powerful urge to pee. As I approached the second town, the urge to pee + the spasms were so strong I actually moaned out loud during a few of them as I drove. I knew that between these intense spasms and how stretched with pressure my bladder felt, I would be leaking any moment now. I HAD to pull over. I spotted a convenience store just into the second town and hastily pulled into the parking lot.

When I stopped, I remember breathing heavily and having to collect myself before I could go inside. I wrote the following to include in this story: "I can't remember the last time I've been this close to orgasm without touching myself at all. Every part of my body feels like it's humming with arousal". It was crazy to say the least.

I took several deep breaths and went inside to use the washroom. As I was walking there I felt a few leaks escape into my pad. I had definitely made the right call, and not a moment too soon. I recorded the following audio of my well-earned pee when I got inside. I'm surprised it wasn't longer but I think that's because my stream was so powerful lol.

When I got back in the car, other than reeling at this crazy experience, I figured I was safe to drink a bit more water since I only had 40 minutes more to go, enough that I could at least be moderately full again but not in any danger by the time I arrived. I had enjoyed my full bladder before too much to remain empty. I chugged the rest of my water bottle and reached a nice6.5-7/10 by the time I arrived - a healthy feeling of pressure but still well within a safe range to not have any spasms or put myself at risk of an accident.

Putting myself at risk of an accident would be for the drive home... to be continued.

*001*2025-01-12 21:17

(audio recording will be attached later when I convert the file)

*008*2025-01-13 18:29

{{On 1/13/2025 at 12:29 AM, curieux6x said:

Thank you very much for your story. I think you took a lot of pleasure in holding yourself back like this.

In the end you had to change before arriving at your friends' house?

}}

No I made it to the bathroom in time! Normally I wouldn't mind wetting myself but I wanted to make sure I didn't on the way to meeting them

*009*2025-01-13 18:35

If you folks have any questions about my experience!

*011*2025-01-13 18:42

{{6 minutes ago, GreenChile said:

So...how did the return trip go?

}}

I'll write it out as soon as I have time to which may take a few days, but I had far less motivation to stop because I was heading home and not meeting anyone, so I kept putting off seeking relief longer and longer to enjoy my full bladder. Eventually the dam burst and I wet a considerable amount. Obviously I couldn't get out of the car like that, so I was stuck in pissy jeans and a small puddle but still with a moderate urge to pee for the remaining 1 hour of the drive...

*016*2025-01-18 21:10

{{On 1/13/2025 at 1:49 PM, Explorermonkey said:

Ohh, how difficult was it to hold for that last hour when you had already wet your pants?

}}

It was easier in terms of urgency because I had already released more than half my bladder into my jeans and onto the seat (thank goodness I had a sweater to mop most of it up)! But despite the hassle of the cleaning I quite enjoyed being forced by circumstance to stay in my wet pants hehe.

{{On 1/14/2025 at 6:06 PM, Laura Crossed said:

I really like your holding technique with the glasses case 🥵🤤😭 Is that the worst you've ever had to pee in the car? I'm literally dieing to hear you peeing BTW omg

}}

Haha yeah the glasses case really came in clutch! I would say it was tied with this past summer when I also did a 3 hour drive, ended up having to pee, held too long and wet myself in the car. Although this one was probably more desperate because with the glasses case I held on longer and experienced more bladder spasms.

$/103199-beach-day-desperate-car-wetting/?do=embed&comment=2204609&embedComment=2204609&embedDo=findComment#comment-2204609"

{{On 1/15/2025 at 12:38 PM, Walker9921 said:

Just imagine what would've happened if that convince store was closed! (Is it bad that I kinda wish it was😂?)

Thanks for sharing, I absolutely love reading about and imagining you just squirming around with the glasses case shoved between your shaking legs. Can't wait to read about the return journey, and listen to that audio whenever you post it!

}}

Yeah that would've been BAD. Realistically I would've crouched down and changed my pants in the car and then left the peed pants in my vehicle when I arrived so not totally disaster but I'm glad I did make it in this case. Even with getting changed I would've worried about smelling of pee when I arrived to my friends'.

*019*2025-03-12 18:17

{{14 hours ago, PeeMaster4321 said:

Did the audio of this ever get uploaded? This sounds hot!

}}

Ahhh I totally forgot!🤦‍♀️ I'll add it when I have time to cut/download it

