Early summer day (SUP, Skateboarding, Pissing)

Author: WetConverse

*000*2022-05-26 06:49

I really haven't posted anything in a while. To be honest there was not much to write about during the last few months...

But last weekend I had nothing serious planned, just chilling and having fun. The weather on Saturday was nice and sunny, ~28°C. Just staying at home during such a nice afternoon would be boring so I grapped my Longboard and left home at 13:00.

At first I wasn't sure wher to go and just rode around town, stopped for an coffee... It got really hot after a while and I figured it would be nice to go to the nearby lake and just chill in the sun. By that time I also had an light urge to piss but I just ignore it by now.

The lake is about 7km away which would take me ~20min to skate there. Half way there the urge to pee had increased to an level that stated to be annoying ^^. Being a bit lazy as always I didn't really bother to look for an toilet or other place to piss. I just slowed down a bit, relaxed and let go. Pissing while still skateing is just nice . Emptying my whole bladder in my pants caused an small trail of piss on the road behind me .

Once I reached the lake I bought an ticket, yes you have to pay when you wanna enter, searched for an nice place under a tree. I put my T-Shirt and Sneaks off an just layed down in the grass.

To be continued later.....

*001*2022-05-26 09:08

Part 2:

After a while it got to hot in the sun and I jumped into the cool water....

The both wher you can rent SUP boards and other stuff had also opened up. I figured it would be fun to rent an SUP and paddle around the late. I did that for ~1 hour. It's definitely fun and I'll do it more often that summer

It was an really great afternoon at the lake, met some friends there too. At around 17:00 it was time to leave since I had planned to go to the nearby city. During the time at the lake I had like 2 cappuccinos and 3 large glasses of water with lemon. You can imagine that my bladder was pretty full when I left.

On the way home I have to cross an bride over an stream. I stopped there to rast and just look down at the water.

The sound of the stream below made me have to piss even more ^^. My pants where still damp from swimming. So I just had to piss my pants for the 2nd time that day

The pants and sneaks where not soaking wet again. I spend some time at the bridge, skating around and trying out some things

Once I reached the city, still with my Longboard of course, my pants had almost dried up again. I got ice cream, another coffee and just enjoyed the warm summer evening sun. I wore the clothes until showering before going to bed at midnight.

When I woke up the next morning I spotted the clothes hanging overt the chair next to my bed. I just had to put them on again . I hadn't planned anything for the Sunday itself. Since I had pissed those pants the day before I figured I should just do that during the whole Sunday too.

So yeah during the Sunday I was just chilling in my backyard and just pissing my pants whenever I had to. In the evening I took a ride on my Longboard to ne next city to have some ice cream again...

All in all an really nice and relaxing weekend

*004*2022-05-26 16:37

{{49 minutes ago, HereToStay said:

Sounds like a super fun weekend. I also loove that kind of casual wetting.

Ich gehe heute auch noch auf ein Strassenfest und werde mich definitiv nicht am Klowagen anstellen

}}

Yeah thanks, it definitely was a nice weekend.

Warum denn auch, würde ich auch nicht machen

