Yesterday's adventure

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-05-12 12:00

Guess what happened yesterday?

I hung out with my mum whilst I was wearing fully pissed jeans and she didnt know!

I've been thinking a lot recently about how mum treated me when I had accident when I was younger so yesterday I decided on taking revenge!

I was in Bristol visiting friends so mum and I decided to meet up for a coffee and a stroll around Clifton yesterday afternoon.

An hour or so before we were due to meet I went for a stroll to a secluded part of the downs and took a long slow pee in my nearly new pair of black jeans.

After sitting for 45 minutes in the sun my jeans still felt lovely and wet but there was no obvious evidence of what I'd done!

Mum and I met up and spent a nice couple of hours drinking coffee and wandering round the village and she never realised what I'd done earlier that day!

*004*2025-05-12 13:29

{{29 minutes ago, HereToStay said:

Sounds great 😊 . Did you by any chance take pictures of your sneaky wet pants? Would be interesting to see how fast it dried over those 45mins.

}}

I didn't take any photos sorry, apart from the shine as I was actually peeing the wet patch on my jeans wouldn't have show up in a photo anyway.

I was wearing grey Calvin Klein knickers, I'm sure they would have shown everything but I wasn't about to take my jeans down in public to photograph my pissy pants!

*005*2025-05-12 14:47

{{10 minutes ago, HereToStay said:

No, of course not. That’s not what I was implying. I was just interested in clothes for sneaky wettings which is pretty much also my go-to fun.

}}

I didn't think you were implying that!

I literally went to the toilet in my jeans but after about 45 minutes in sunbathing in them the wet patch was just about visible to me so I suppose you could have seen it iif you were close up and if you were looking for it.

*010*2025-05-12 15:05

{{6 minutes ago, Piano59 said:

Thank you Katy, reading of your latest exploits has spurred me into action! I've been meaning to get myself a nice new pair of really dark-black jeans for some cheeky secret outdoor wettings in the park, on the beach, or who knows where? Ordered, delivery tomorrow.

}}

I can't wait to hear about your adventures, just remember shoe selection is important too if you are stood up and don't want soggy socks!

*012*2025-05-12 15:16

{{8 minutes ago, lil Emo girl said:

Honestly I wish I could just do that where I am near Stroud but I'd have to be alone in a field just for the confidence to relax and pee myself

}}

Small world! I once wet myself by accident whilst walking across Minchinhampton Common on a charity hike with friends.

My black cycling shorts hid everything but they chafed a bit walking miles in them soaking wet.

{{3 minutes ago, Shaved Monkey said:

What was your choice of shoes for this episode?

How long was this wetting? Did you do it in spurts? Also, how big was the wet patch after you were done?

I don't mean to pry with all these questions, its just that I'm really interested in sneaky wettings 😅

}}

I was wearing my purple sparkly boots but I took them off and my socks before just fully peeing, I got wet to my ankles!

*016*2025-05-12 15:42

{{6 minutes ago, lil Emo girl said:

I'm more or less the same but then whenever I have had an accident wether at home or in public, I've never had pee go into my boots or anything

}}

I ruined my favourite doc martens once when I had a really big accident 😞

*019*2025-05-12 17:31

{{1 hour ago, tanin said:

This was such a brave experience @Wetkaty

! Weren't you afraid of the smell? Sometimes it's hard to get rid of it.

And what did you do after that? Did you change into "clean" clothes, or went in those pants till the end of the day?

}}

I'd had plenty to drink so I was quite confident that my wee would be quite diluted.

After this I did use the toilet properly for the rest of the day.

I did get the train home to London in the same clothes though!

*021*2025-05-12 17:41

{{1 hour ago, Shaved Monkey said:

Ruined for real? Washing didn't work?

}}

Yeah I got steaming drunk and pissed myself on the DLR a couple of years ago.

I managed to stagger home, removed my jeans and boots and placed them in a neat pile by the sofa.

My housemates found me the next morning fast asleep on the sofa wearing sopping wet socks, pee stained knickers and a tshirt.

Not my finest moment!

I couldn't get the dried beer pee smell out of my boots and had to throw them away 😞

*023*2025-05-12 17:58

{{10 minutes ago, tanin said:

Nice! How would you describe the experience of wearing jeans after wetting and drying? Was it like a normal pants? How long did it take for your underwear to dry?

}}

Well it was quite a thrill particularly as mum didn't know what I'd done and she was often quite mean when I had genuine accidents.

I was still slightly damp a good few hours later but not enough that it would have soaked into the train seat.

