Wetting in bed without wetting the bed

Author: wetgarth

*000*2024-11-13 11:16

I've really been in a wetting mood recently - guess it comes & goes in phases.

Anyway this was a new experience that was enjoyable.

I woke up in the night (as I sometimes do) needing a pee. I couldn't just go in the bed as the mattress wasn't protected and didn't want to make a mess to clean up.

As I rolled around in bed for a bit, not wanting to get up and use the toilet, I decided it would feel nice to just let a few spurts out into my pants, enjoy the wetness for a bit then finish in the toilet so I could get back to sleep.

So there I was laying on my back and let a little spurt out. I was wearing boxer briefs and PJ's so I felt a small wet patch at the front on my pants. Not a lot, so let out a few more controlled spurts. Enough to soak the front of my boxer and feel it spreading between my legs but not enough to soak down to my butt. At this point the front of my pants were pretty wet.

However (and was the first for me) I must have been really tired as it was enough to remove the need to pee and must have rolled over onto my side and fallen back to sleep.

When I woke this morning feeling refreshed but the front of my pants & PJ's were still quite damp, no wetness in the bed so did a morning pee in the toilet which seemed to last forever!

As I walked round in my still damp pants and PJ's this morning and got my breakfast, I reflected back and realised, I'd never done anything like this before. I'd always had to finish in the toilet in order to get back to sleep.

Anyone else tried or experienced similar?

*001*2024-11-13 16:58

{{3 hours ago, sawa_n said:

I feel like even if I let go just a little bit, it will just leak down immediately. Maybe that's advantage of being a man, that you can put legs together while having the source of pee above the legs? Maybe my problem is that I still have some gap between the legs? Maybe if I wear some thick sweatpants, I wonder.. ^_^ If I remember correctly, so far I always cheated. Lol. Like having a menstrual pad, or pressing a small towel on my panties and letting it go a bit.

}}

I guess that is a physical difference that is difficult to get around but glad you have found an alternative that works for you. It's always fun to try out different clothes to enjoy the sensation 🙂

Do let us know if you try sweat pants and how it went - I'm always interested to hear others experiences.

*006*2024-11-13 20:25

{{20 minutes ago, Justsoclose said:

You likely already know this, but you can get reusable waterproof pads on Amazon. They are convenient to throw on top of the sheets and they hold a surprisingly large amount. It is so much easier just to gather up the pad and throw it in the wash with your pjs vs the whole sheets. 🙂

}}

Thanks for the info but TBF this was unplanned but turned out to be an enjoyable bit of fun

*008*2024-11-13 20:46

{{4 minutes ago, sawa_n said:

My problem is also having the willpower to not continue peeing. Lol. Cause I don't have a bed / mattress that could be ruined. I just sleep on the floor on few thin blankets.

}}

Oh that's not good unless you want it that way

I'm usually the same - once I start wetting usually I just want to carry on and enjoy getting wetter as well as enjoy emptying my bladder contents into my pants.

That's why I though this was more unusual for me, being able to stop and go back to sleep.

&&

&&

*020*2024-11-21 08:29

{{On 11/14/2024 at 1:07 AM, Finn is Sleepy said:

Must've been a comfy and warm sleep :3 did it not smell when you woke up though? xD

}}

Slightly but pleasant, not pungent or ammoniated

