Wetting my jeans on the way home at night

Author: WetConverse

*000*2021-10-31 09:19

Yesterday evening I went to meet some friends. I was in the mood of wearing some emo/punk style clothing .

Hoodie, Vans T-Shirt, black jeans with holes at the knees, converse and studded belt

We didn't really do much, just had some drinks and talked. It also wasn't that late when I left, around 22:00. It was an really nice evening so I decided to walk home and not to take an taxi. It would be an 25min walk, not too long.

After some minutes I noticed my growing urge to pee. I thought it would be kinda nice to just piss myself right there on the street , it would also look really cool the emo outfit ^^

I found an kinda quiet but not too dark place and just relaxed . The piss stared flowing in my boxershort, down my pants out of the holes at my knees and into my chucks. The feeling was just incredible .

Once my bladder was empty I continued my walk home.

$$

Before I reached home I had to pee again . What a fun evening .

*003*2021-10-31 17:49

{{1 minute ago, LizJWetting said:

Nice. I like your style too, I must add.

}}

Thanks

*006*2021-10-31 20:27

{{10 minutes ago, LizJWetting said:

I went through a skater girl phase in my late teens and early 20s when I pretty much wore ripped jeans, an old hoodie and converse all the time. I probably didn't look as cool as I thought I did, but I guess I still have a soft spot for all those things.

}}

Cool, as long as you like the outfit/style I think you should go for it :).

I also don't know if everybody thinks my style looks cool, I'm most certain that some hate it. But I don't plant to change it as long as I like it

