The Closest Call of My Life!

Author: WatchMeWiggle

*000*2024-12-16 05:31

This story happened nearly 4 year ago, and it burned such a mark into my memory that I never forgot it. In fact, I even remember exactly what I was wearing that day. To paint a picture for you, I was a 24 year old fresh grad out of college, and was several months into working my first "big-boy" job. I was wearing a light green plaid dress shirt, light grey dress pants, brown dress shoes, and bright red briefs.

Up until this point in my life I had never had an accident in my adult life. Even though I just barely barely made it in this story, that would change several month later when I had an accident in the same grey pants at while at work 😰:

$/67128-i-completely-unintentionally-peed-onin-my-pants-at-work/?do=embed&comment=1896697&embedComment=1896697&embedDo=findComment#findComment-1896697"

On with the story!

We had gotten a new coworker the week before. She is a nice girl that was also fresh out of school. I was excited to have a coworker who was my age and going through the same struggles as I was with starting a new job and figuring out life in the "real world." We bonded over many things and I noticed that she always kept huge water bottle on her desk. Not only would she drink the entire thing everyday, but she also refilled it multiple times throughout the workday. After seeing her do this everyday I finally asked her why she drinks so much. She said "I love staying well hydrated, if I don't drink my water I feel terrible."

"Perfect!" I said! One of my new years resolutions was to take care of my hydration and drink more water throughout the day. I've always been terrible about remembering to drink.

"I'll join you!"

She warned me to take it slow at first, but the next day I was right there with her filling up my cup and trying to keep pace with her. I used the bathroom many times. A lot more than I usually do. By the afternoon I was running to the bathroom every 30 minutes. I was annoyed and sent her a teams message saying "ugh I'm peeing like crazy! how do you do this everyday?" She replied "hahahaha you'll adjust soon, and eventually you'll feel goooood."

I packed my bag for the day and headed to the parking lot to drive home. As I was walking to my car I realized that I had to pee. Bad. It hit me very suddenly and I was at a crossroads. I didn't feel like turning around walking back into the office to use the men's room, and I just wanted to get home. I didn't doubt that I would be able to make it through the 25 minute drive home. I'm an adult. I can hold it.

I sat down in my car and began to drive to my apartment. Suddenly sitting made my need get worse. I began to get a little nervous, but it was still only 25 minutes. I knew my girlfriend was home waiting for me and I thought that if this gets any worse than I may have an embarrassing moment in front of her if she sees me running for the bathroom. I hoped my need to pee didn't get to that point. As I drove I thought about times in the past where she's seen me desperate to pee. I've very shy about admitting my need to pee and only do so if it's so bad that I can't hide it anymore. Even around her.

Red light. I look down at my knees and see that they are pinned together tightly. It's getting worse. I can feel my breathing cadence change and my nervousness grow.

Green light. I drive a manual transmission vehicle and it's getting difficult to pull my knees apart to shift gears. Thoughts go through my head about buying a new car with an automatic transmission for times like this when I'm desperate to go! I think about how I would want leather seats for easy clean up incase the worst were to ever happen. I snap out of it and tell myself to stop thinking about pee! Focus!

Red light. I look down and my feet to watch my dress shoes bouncing up and down. My bladder is screaming! It feels so full and I pull the seatbelt away from it. I have to pee so so bad now! I knew that getting past my girlfriend without a mad dash to the toilet was out the door now. I feel my face blush to know that that is an inevitable now. I consider stopping at a gas station but the thought of being visible desperate in broad daylight is even more embarrassing. I'm stuck.

Green light. It's almost impossible to shift gears now. I'm letting out little whimpers and moans as I shift. with 10 minutes left in the drive I begin to doubt if I'm going to make it. Is this seriously how it happens? Am I going to wet my pants in the car driving home from work? I'm starting to sweat and huff and puff for more air. I can feel my toes curl inside my shoes trying to hang on. If I stop at a gas station now I think I might wet my pants in public! Maybe as soon as stood up out of my can I would wet my pants! Maybe I would wet my pants asking for a bathroom key! Maybe I would wet my pants outside of the bathroom door! Panic! Panic! Panic! That would be catastrophically embarrassing and I don't think I could ever look at my self the same.

Red light. I am full blown dancing in my car seat now. I'm doing the very definition of the 'pee pee dance' as I chew on my bottom lip. Squirming side to side I know that I'm only 5 minutes away! I have to hold it! I'm begging my bladder to hang on for just a little longer. At this moment I'm thankful that nobody is in the car with me to see my full blown potty dance. "IHAVETOPEEIHAVETOPEEIHAVETOPEEIHAVETOPEE!" I'm even making up pee songs to try to hold it!

Green light. Almost there! These cars need to get out of my way! I am about to have an accident! I wonder if this has happened to my new coworker and that's why she warned me to take the hydration slow at first. I think without a doubt she has probably had some desperate moments like this. There's no way she hasn't!

Red light. I come to a stop and I can feel my bladder about to give out. I wonder if any drops have accidently squeezed out and darkened my briefs. "I'm not gonna to make it!" My legs jiggled violently and I was picking my butt off up and down on the seat. I was going to just let go in my pants on purpose. I was in so much pain now that I didn't care. I would just have to explain to my girlfriend that I just simply couldn't hold it anymore had a full blown accident in my pants. Then, I looked down at my lap and remembered what color pants I was wearing. GREY!

Green light. I couldn't be seen walking into my apartment complex in obviously soaked light grey pants! I gathered a shred of willpower and HAD TO HOLD ON! My moans, more like screams, were loud now I wanted to soak my pants so bad.

Finally! I see the front drive-up gate to the apartment complex! All I need to do is pull up to the gate, get my key, and, WHERE'S MY KEY?! I looked for it in it's normal spot on the side of the door and it was gone! My heart sinks and I knew it was going to happen. I burry my red face into my palms and I knew, this is how it happens.

I am going to wet my pants.

In public.

I have tears in my eyes now. I pick my face up out of my palms and I see something on the floor by my shaking foot. THE KEY!

I grab it, race through the complex as fast as I can safely drive and park. I'm so close to the toilet, but images of soaked grey pants and soggy red underwear dance through my head. I grab my suitcase and hop out of the car! Speed walking, I hold my suitcase in front of my crotch because I may start having an accident at any second. I burst through the door, throw my suitcase down, grab my crotch, and sprint for the bathroom. My girlfriend looks up from her phone and I scream "I HAVE TO PEE" as I run straight past her grabbing myself.

In one swift motion I get to the toilet, make a 180, pull my pants and briefs down, slam my butt down, and forcefully pee like a busted fire hydrant. Urine loudly hissed and echoed throughout the bathroom. I was peeing, moaning, peeing, moaning, peeing, moaning and peeing for what felt like minutes. I was slumped over huffing and puffing for air on the toilet after I finally let it all out. I looked at the inside of my briefs and saw only on little tiny 5mm sized wet spot. I thanked God for saving me from humiliating myself.

After several minutes of sitting on the toilet feeling relief coursing through me I took my pants off and slumped down onto the bed. Exhausted. I laid there in my underwear thinking about how I felt like I was only one second away from peeing in my pants. I was so out of control.

My girlfriend walked in to see what I was doing, and if I had made it to the bathroom in time. I didn't have time to shut the bathroom door so she hear everything. The hissing into the bowl, the moaning, all of it. She liked what she saw and heard and began touching my through my briefs. I laid there and let her have her fun with me. My underwear did get wet that day, but not from pee! 😳

*003*2025-01-19 01:21

{{On 12/20/2024 at 10:19 AM, gtg420 said:

What a close call! Imagine if there was one more red light, or god forbid, traffic... sounds like you would have absolutely exploded and soaked yourself. It would have been so embarrassing to lose it right in front of the gate for everyone to see!

}}

I know! This story could have very easily had an alternate ending if you little thing went wrong! 😳

