I totally could've peed my pants

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2025-03-12 00:20

So as some of you might know, I work and study in environmental science, and a few days ago I had some field work in a local body of water involving getting into the water in hip waders.

Where I live its still pretty cold, which means all you really feel in the hip waders is coldness, you can't really tell if you're wet or dry. Sort of like I've heard it feels wearing a dry suit. Well it turned out a couple of the pairs of hip waders had a small tear, meaning water ended up leaking inside. We didn't notice while we were in the water, but after getting out I felt some wetness on one of my legs, and so did my colleague. We didn't notice the extent of the damage until we took off the hip waders but my left leg had a huge wet patch going down my inner thigh (!!) right from my crotch to around my knee. My colleague had an even more pissed pants-looking wet pattern on both her legs.

Everyone laughed it off, and several people including me pointed out that it looked like we had peed our pants. We had to walk back to campus with our wet pants and someone made a joke that "its fine, accidents happen sometimes". I couldn't believe my ears lol. Anyway, I was just thinking about the fact that I *could* have peed my pants a little and totally gotten away with it.

*003*2025-03-12 01:13

{{5 minutes ago, OmObi said:

Ha that's funny, how hot would it have been if you had both actually pissed yourselves!

}}

One of my colleagues mentioned that it was weird the waders leaked on me because he had worn the same ones earlier and they didn't leak on him. I wondered if he was suspicious if I had peed myself but I realize that was definitely my omo brain LOL. Probably snagged something when he was getting out or I was getting in

But yes I totally could've gotten away with pissing myself! No one would have known

*008*2025-03-12 16:39

{{14 hours ago, wettingman said:

You might as well have peed yourself since being wet from your crotch down, that likely what people thought anyway.

Perhaps it is what your colleague thought or he was just messing with your head.

}}

It definitely crossed my mind with the colleague but I think normal people are considering "ooh what if they peed their pants" a lot less than we omo people think lol.

Walking in public tho I think people def would have assumed that! I tied my coat around my waist on my way home because the wet patch looked awfully suspicious lol.

{{6 hours ago, wetgarth said:

I think that is brilliant - but I bet you are dissapointed as you could have easily got away with it

}}

A little but also if the inside of the waders smelled like pee that would be a dead give-away as they belong to our faculty. I could only have gotten away with it if it was a small leak fully absorbed by my pants

*009*2025-03-12 16:47

{{7 hours ago, j2319 said:

Come on now its okay to admit that your co-worker privately admitted to you that she had peed her pants and you told her not to worry that you had a plan. You then peed your pants too and told her to blame it on a hole in the waders. Smart move, saved your friend from embarrassment and you got to pee your pants. 🤣🤣

Okay maybe not, but that is a plausible story. Glad you had some fun with it.

}}

Hahaaaa I think someone on here has written a story about that!! There was an omo-erotica featuring hip waders that I used to read on here. Here it is - Chapter 4: The River Flows Both Ways. I swear I didn't make up the above based on this story haha!

$/75284-the-omorashi-missionary/?do=embed"

