I Finally Wet On Purpose: It Was Amazing

Author: Wznnvv

*000*2025-08-12 07:02

I haven’t done this since I was young, and then I didn’t really understand what I was doing.

But the power went out here and I have been wanting to do a hold. The rain is pouring and I want to try wetting into the towel between my legs. I wanted to try and also keep track and share it on here 💛 I’ve been holding since about 05:00pm

09:48pm - I’m pretty desperate, but like a 6/10. If I was in public or needing to focus, I would try and go pee right now. I keep trying to stay above the towel - letting my pussy hover and not hold my crotch so much so I can feel my desperation almost burst. But it’s difficult - this is my first time and I feel so naughty, and my body is fighting the feeling of doing this.

09:53pm - flirting on kink apps and making plans ~ my bladder is starting to show and make my abs tense. I would squeeze my levels and felt my full bladder press me a way inside that makes it feel like my G-spot is being played with.

10:46pm - I got distracted - I am still holding. I don’t know what I should do to make myself more desperate. I’m going to squat above the towel for a bit. I would say I’m a 7/10.

10:50pm - standing up- I’m now at a 8/10. I’m swaying back and forth trying to distract myself from my fullness. I almost can’t get down on my knees and kneel but I will. I want to do this, I always chicken out (or forget because I came and I’m in post-nut haze).

11:00pm - I’m on the towel finally i can barely hold on

11:34pm - I tried to let a little out, just so I can finally feel what it was like. I had been so desperate but my body wouldn’t let me leak my pants yet like that. But once I started, I couldn’t stop. I shot a hot stream into my tiny shorts and started coating my thighs with rivulets of urine. I pulled up on my shorts to try and finally cut the stream so I could hold just a bit longer, claim that I leaked for so long before wetting, but I just couldn’t stop.

I squatted over my towel because I was so distracted watching between my thighs with my legs spread, the strength of my clothed stream caused my pee to spray over the prepared towel and onto my floors. I started to take a video of myself, and watched my reflection as I pissed all over my legs pathetically. I peed for nearly a minute, but I was only able to catch a little over 30 seconds on film. After I rubbed my clit through my pissy shorts and quickly was orgasming into them, my cum quickly coating and soaking more into the drenched cotton fabric. I love the feeling of getting wet, but the feeling of getting wet in already wet clothes was ecstasy.

It was heaven though, the relief was insane. It was like once I let the muscle relax a tiny bit, it just completely let go and emptied my bladder - letting the tension finally release which let my entire body finally feel like it can relax. I cannot believe how long it felt but also how quickly it passed at the same time. I only wish I held it longer and had even more pee in me. If I could stop and start again - playing with my levels of desperation, I would be even more turned on.

For some reason I can’t add my photos rn. But hopefully I can after. I also would love to share the video with anyone interested 🥰💛

