Insomniac wetting

Author: wetnessgold

*000*2016-10-27 12:46

Hi, I'm going to tell you what I've done last night.

So yesterday I had a very long day so when I came back home I just went directly to bed I didn't even change my clothes. But since that I began to sleep around 7pm I woke up very early in the morning, I took my phone to see what hour it was : 3am, I thought "why can't I be able to sleep more than 8 hours in a row?" Then I felt that my bladder was full like really full, I decided that my bladder wasn't going to tell me if I have the right to sleep or not so I stayed in bed trying to fall asleep again, of course I couldn't since my bladder was pleading me to just take care of my need to pee.

Well I want to sleep and I need to pee why don't do both things without having to leave my warm bed? I tried to let my pee out of me but I wasn't able to do so... It has been so long since I wet the bed (last time I was 9years old) that my brain refused to let it happen now. After pushing pressing and relaxing just a spurt came out, not enough to soak through my panties but my need to pee disappeared even if my bladder felt like a rock.

Then I had an idea, my bladder is full it's 3 am no one is outside at this hour and it's not raining, why not take a walk maybe I will have a full wetting accident while outside and when I come back I will be able to sleep, I put on a jacket ( I was wearing light blue jeans a white shirt, my panties were dark pink ;) ) and I went outside. I walked down in the streets around my house, walking and the cold night made me have to pee again, so I just let it out slowly I liked it how my pee soaked first my panties before making a growing wet stain in my jeans going down my legs, my pee was warming my butt and thighs but cooling down my feet, it was a strange feeling but I loved it.

I was feeling really naughty standing in the street in a puddle with cooling down urine in my pants, but suddenly a car came in the street "great not a soul before and just when I peed myself someone comes", I just turned around and walked back home, when the car was just behind me it's light lit the street in front of me but also my back, the person inside must have saw that I just wet my pants, I blushed thinking that he/she may be a student that I know, who was coming back from a party...

When I was back home I felt my wet bum and wtf it was really cold! a small need to pee strike back I just took off my shoes went to the toilet, sat on it and peed one more time rewarming myself, now my bladder was empty for sure, I felt so relaxed, I took off my jeans and put them over the radiator to dry I watched me in the mirror, I felt so sexy with my pissy wet panties, I returned to bed my wet panties still on and fall back asleep. When I woke up this morning I felt that I was still a little wet I looked down and saw that my soaked panties had made a wet yellowing stain in my sheets, but it didn't smelled to much so I didn't change it I kept wearing my panties during breakfast they were almost dry by the time I went to have a shower.

*003*2016-11-04 17:31

{{On 11/3/2016 at 5:44 PM, dampknickers said:

I do this same thing sometimes and often I'll just put a pull up on over my wet underwear

}}

Sounds interesting, this would have saved my sheets but I have never worn a pull up and I don't know if I will find the courage to buy and try them

{{On 11/3/2016 at 7:07 PM, hubertheiser said:

Same problem here, intentional bed wetting isn't always easy. For me, the technique you apply (push out a first spurt) usually works. Once I get a nice and wet patch to lie in I can achieve a relaxed flow.

Keep working on it, you will be rewarded!

}}

Thanks for cheering^^ but I can't "train" myself to often because I can't be washing but surely with time (long time) it will become easier for me to relax :)

*006*2016-11-21 14:18

{{On 20/11/2016 at 1:51 PM, jodiemay said:

I love wetting my pants, sleeping in them until they are dry and wearing them all day the following day :)

}}

I never tried but sounds like a good idea^^ but are you not worried that someone may find out?

