Today's Long Hold

Author: wettingman

*000*2019-03-19 02:20

Today’s Long Pee Hold

Today started like any other. I got up at 8:30 AM, peed had breakfast including two mugs of tea and orange juice. I booted up my computer checked e-mail, paid bills etc.etc..

Before I knew it was 12:30 PM, by this time my bladder felt sort of full, I needed to pee. But now business out of the way it was playtime, so I opened omorashi.com. I had not planned to hold my pee today, but here I was enjoying reading posts and responding .As always in this situation I was not going to pee.

Another three hours slipped by. I had not gotten out of my chair since I sat down , so I had nothing to drink since breakfast, but I had not peed either .By this time my bladder was starting to bulge and feel very uncomfortable , but I didn’t yet feel it anywhere else. This is less than I expect after not peeing for seven hours.

By 4:00PM I felt the first wave of desperation, and I started to squirm and grab myself until it passed. I decided then I was doing a hold until I couldn't.

A half hour later the waves of needing to pee became more intense and frequent. I could really feel the pressure building in penis. I got off the computer after eight hours.

To make things more difficult, I decided to do the two days of dishes in the sink. Having sat for eight hours the shift in gravity upon standing, and putting my hands in very warm water, quickly made my need to pee extreme. My bladder was starting to hurt and my entire penis constantly felt full of pee. Whenever the pressure at my pee hole felt like my pee was about to come out, I either grabbed with my hand or squeezed my penis between my legs. Near the end of my task, this was almost constantly. I enjoyed the sensation that I was about to pee myself, but I remained dry.

My intention was to pee in the shower, but I thought I still could hold some more. I wanted to do some reading, so I got undressed and laid down on my back on my bed, for over an hour.

At first all went well but by 6:00PM I was experiencing one wave of desperation quickly followed by another. I was holding myself almost constantly. There was strong pressure at the base of my penis to the tip. It was pee swollen as well. As each wave passed the pressure at my pee hole grew more intense, and, as it passed the pressure settled higher than the previous one. I wanted to finish the chapter now before giving in. It was difficult to focus on my book, constantly holding myself, pee about to come out. I love that feeling; hold on just a few more pages.

However my bladder had different ideas. The first leak came around 6:25, 9 hours since I last peed. I experienced several leaks in the next 5 minutes. I peed on my hand, and a bigger leak landed on my thigh and ran onto my bed. I could feel the wet spot in the sheet, and not wanting to get the bed wet, knowing I had pushed it as far as I could; I got up and went into the bathroom. I expected to lose it as I adjusted the water, but I only leaked a little. I began showering, somehow maintaining control, except for a few minor leaks. As I washed my body, I paid particular attention to my bladder area. It felt rock hard, and very full. I gave it a gentle push, which hurt, and I experienced my biggest leak yet. I gave it another gentle push, and my pee exploded from my penis. I peed hard for a good 10-15 seconds, much longer than my average leak or spurt, and I thought I was losing it entirely but with the pressure eased I stopped peeing.

I still had to pee very badly though. Nevertheless, I maintained control until near the end of my shower. My bladder knows when I hold through the shower I permit myself to empty it in the tub. Suddenly the desperation was back. I tried to hold on, but after the next leak, I just let go. I experienced a very long gratifying pee.

*002*2019-03-20 15:27

Thank you. My prostate is somewhat of an issue, it is somewhat enlarged ,and I can't hold it like I used to. But Monday , thankfully it didn't bother me.

On some days it is very annoying, and sometimes leads to unexpected sudden leaks.

