In-person experiences of seeing someone "not quite making it"

Author: willbill

*000*2022-05-29 06:47

Who has experienced, as in fully seeing and witnessing in person, someone literally "not quite making it" to the toilet? Detail examples: Who was it, what was the situation, what did you end up seeing, how much was coming out, and/or what was the person's reaction upon you seeing it or being there?

Please keep to experiences of where the person made it at least to the bathroom, close to it, or close to a toilet, porta-potty, bathroom stall, etc.

*004*2022-05-31 14:30

{{On 5/29/2022 at 2:08 PM, Littlefawn said:

I’ve never posted before but as this is my favorite I wanted to share…

I was at a music festival and it was towards the end of the last day. The sun was going down and I had a agreed to meet the friend I came with back at the campsite/car in a few hours but I was exhausted and had to pee so I decided to walk that was early to go to the cleaner bathrooms that were further from the main festival.

Unfortunately, because it was the last day, those toilets had already been removed. I figured I would take this chance to pee outside, which I love doing but I get shy and I want to be perfectly hidden. By the time I got to my car, I REALLY had to go and as many of the other cars had left already, I couldn’t find a good spot to pee where I felt hidden enough. It got to the point where I was just potty dancing next to my car trying to figure out what to do. By the time I decided that I just needed to get my shorts off and go, it was too late. My tummy was so swollen that I couldn’t get my shorts off and I started peeing myself. At that point, I dropped into a squat next to my car and let it all out. I couldn’t have made it anywhere else. I ended up throwing the shorts away and changing into sweats. I don’t think anyone ever knew.

}}

First off... welcome!

Secondly, how hard was it to hold it as you started potty dancing, and about how long of timeframe was it from having to start potty dancing until you couldn't hold it and started opening. Also, did any leak out before fully peeing yourself?

