A stripper got very desperate for me at my bachelor party this past weekend

Author: wko86

*000*2022-10-09 23:39

For part of my bachelor party weekend, my friends took me to a strip club in Pittsburgh, PA this past weekend. Our time there started off fantastic enough because my friends were throwing money around like crazy. When we first arrived, I waited outside with my brother while one friend went to park the car. Two other friends, Andy(Andy knows about my pee desperation kink) and Mike, went inside ahead of us to take care of the cover charges for everyone. By the time I got inside, I found that Andy and Mike had paid for bottle service at the table with a private hostess.

After a short time of just taking in all of the eye candy around me, one of the girls grabbed my hand and led me back to the lap dance booths. As the lapdance was concluding, she said something about really needing to pee before she goes back out to the floor, but she would be at our table soon. I chuckled a bit and asked if Andy put her up to saying that. She had no idea what I was talking about and it turned out Andy did not mention my kink to her in advance. So, I elaborated to the dancer that I have a pee kink. She asked what I liked. At first, she thought I was like another customer of hers who liked to have her go pee in a glass and bring it to him so that he could mix it with whatever he was drinking. That is not my kink and I told her that. I told her that I simply get turned on by women peeing and that only Andy knew about this and that's why I thought he put her up to saying that. She thought for a second and told me to follow her back out to our table.

She pulled Andy aside and explained to him that she has to pee and talked him into paying for me to get a private room for half an hour so I could go watch her pee. He obliged with pretty much zero hesitation. The three of us went to the elevator to head upstairs. I could already tell that the dancer was squirmy and fidgety. When we got upstairs, we were led to sort of a waiting room area where they ran Andy's credit card. The dancer and the woman in charge of the private rooms led me and the dancer to our room.

The dancer explained to the woman in charge that I like to watch women pee and that's what she wanted to do for me. Because of rules in place, she planned to go into the private room's restroom so I could watch her pee from right outside the door. The woman in charge objected to that because the dancers are not allowed to use those restrooms because some people were caught doing drugs in there or something. The dancer was getting even more fidgety by this point and was grabbing her crotch a bit.

They continued trying to try to workout a loophole in the rules for a minute to figure out how to make this whole thing work. The best they could come up with was that she would go to the restroom off of the dancer's changing area while I waited out in the hallway and listened in. She would record a video of her peeing that we could then watch together. I was a little disappointed that I couldn't watch the main event in person though. So, I asked the dancer if she would be willing and comfortable with trying to hold it for our whole session. She agreed. The woman in charge could see her level of desperation and said, "Oh! It looks like I better get the timer started then," and she left the room.

The next "half hour" was amazing!(putting the time in quotes will make sense later). She could not stand still for more than a moment. At first, I thought she was acting a bit and trying to exaggerate her state of desperation. But, as time went on, it became clear that she was not exaggerating. She described a bit that the full bladder felt like it was pressing on her clit. I asked her if I could gently press on her bladder; she agreed and winced as soon as I did. At times, she was practically running in place. She mentioned that she had a few alcoholic drinks that evening in addition to the usual water and whatnot. She asked me if my fiance knew about my pee desperation kink and I explained that even though my fiance knows all about it, she's physically unable to indulge it due to her disability(my fiance has MS).

At one point, she tried to take her underwear off(she was only wearing underwear during this whole session). But, as soon as she pulled them down, it made the desperation worse, so she had to pull them back up.

At one point, she thought that maybe sitting down would help her hold it better. I thought she meant that she would sit down on the couch. But, no. She told me to sit down and then she sat on my lap. After a few seconds, she couldn't help but squirm around on my lap, which is amazing in and of itself even without pee desperation being part of it. I put my arms around her waist and squeezed her bladder again at this point.

She occasionally checked the time on her phone got a little wave of panic when she realized how much time was remaining. She asked how long I wanted her to hold it for and I told her "as long as you possibly can, but I don't want you to get in trouble for wetting yourself in here and making a mess".

After quite some time, she threw in the towel and said, "I'm really sorry, but I have got to go NOW or I'm going to piss myself." I kind of put myself between her and the door to try to tease her a bit more and asked if she was sure she really couldn't wait any longer. She thought about really trying, but I quickly relented because I didn't want to be a jerk. We left the room and went down the hallway toward the dancers' changing room. I stood in the hallway while she went in toward the bathroom. At this point, I remembered her mentioning recording a video earlier and asked if she could still do that. She turned around from the bathroom and came back out to the hallway. She pulled her underwear forward to show me where she had already started to leak a bit. We went back to the private room so she could get her phone and we made a beeline back to the changing room. From the hallway, I could very clearly hear her peeing like a firehose for what seemed like a full minute.

She came back out in a much calmer state than she went in. I thanked her for everything she had done up to that point and asked if she felt better(she did feel better, lol). We went back to our room and watched the video together. The camera angle was from the floor a few feet in front of her and angled upward. She hovered over the toilet and peed straight down into it so I could see the stream. Unfortunately, I couldn't see her face in the shot. I would have loved to see the look of relief on her face because it was clear that she was very desperate, but that's ok. She was fully nude at this point and gave me an amazing lapdance for the rest of our time. When I got back downstairs to my friends, they told me that I was gone for full hour. So, it seems that they were very generous with the clock on that "half hour" session(and no, Andy did not get charged twice like I was very worried about at the time).

I thanked Andy profusely for making that possible because I definitely came out with some fantastic memories that will last a while.

