Couldnt hold it while the shower warmed up!

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2025-01-01 02:04

Story Time while I wait for midnight!

This actually happened back in march, for my birthday I went out of town to see my favorite band! it was about 3 hours away and I got a hotel room for the night. Well of course I am going to have a beer or two during a rock show! Anyway fast forward, I had a good time, I have one drink at the hotel bar before going back to my room. I dont even remember if I peed before bed or not because I hit the bed, blinked, and it was morning. I was tired!

So I wake up, and I really gotta pee, but im also hungover and need a shower! I figure, hey dont even bother using the toilet, just hop in the shower and go. So I take off my clothes, get naked and go to into the bathroom to turn the shower on. While I was waiting for the water to heat up my bladder ramps up to 1000! Like it was too cold to jump into the shower to go so I was reallllly staring at the toilet because I really needed it. But I figured, no, im a grown lady, I told myself I can wait and thats what I will do!

Well my bladder said other wise, there is a video I am going to link below that shows this woman go through almost the same thing I went through, I felt a huge wave of urgency hit my bladder. I swore and moaned, I cant wait anymore. I was determined to use the shower to pee but the water was still cold so I stuck one leg into the shower, bent over into a half squat position with one leg out of the shower and used my arms to support myself and not a second later peed full force. It was spraying/hissing out into the shower. Im not sure how long I peed for but I peed alot! and when I finished the water was warm so I just hopped in and enjoyed my shower!

Video link: &&https://www.omorashi.org/uploads/monthly_2020_09/981925501_desperateintheshower-OmorashiTV.mp4.7d38e23cb9324746c5675022b88e2940.mp4

Main difference is I was naked, and was in the weird pose. but the way it hits her all of a sudden and the force she pees is pretty much exactly what happened to me.

Any questions ask 🙂

