My first time witnessing a real bedwetting!

Author: wetting_lee

*000*2023-07-07 05:05

I've been blessed enough to have been with multiple girls who knew of and indulged me in my fetish. This story, however, is how my girlfriend at the time discovered my fetish. Changing name but lets call her Emily. Emily was roughly 5'7" brunette with blonde streaks, cute yet sexy face, and a very proportionate yet generous body. We started dating at the tail end of my senior year of highschool. This particular event took place shortly after graduation in the summer.

Shortly after we starting dating, we realized that both of our houses are within walking distance of each other. This lead to many nights of us sneaking out of the house to meet up and fool around in the moonlight. Classic teenager activities. This particular night, I was able to score a bottle of Fireball for us to share, making it even more stereotypical teenager activities. The plan was to meet up halfway and return back to her house as her mother was spending the night at her boyfriends place. I could not have asked for a better night as an 18 year old. Yet unbeknownst to me, it was going to be better than anything I could ever ask for!

We meet up at our usual meeting spot. After exchanging a few embraces, we begin the walk back to her house, passing the bottle back and forth between us as we walked. Now, Emily is not a shy girl at all. In fact, she is quite vulgar. Ever since we met, she has not been shy at all about expressing her need for a pee. I believe "piss" was even her word of choice.

"I've really gotta take a piss." Emily blurted

"Just go for it. We've still got a bit left until we're back at your place." I said, trying to conceal my excitement. We live in a somewhat wooded area so concealment was no issue at all.

"Do you dare me?" Emily and her damn dares. This was not the first and certainly not the last time I've had a pee related dare with Emily.

Obviously I took her up her up on the dare and she started towards the brush to relieve herself. I could hear her stream greeting the leaves below and suddenly felt some movement in my pants. I knew it was only a matter of time before I'd be able to do something about the storm that was brewing. She came back out and very innocently proclaimed,

"I did it"

How this woman can swap from being so damn hot and so damn cute within the matter of seconds is beyond me and something I've never seen again in a woman. It also absolutely did not help my aching dick begging for some release. We continued our walk back to her house, swapping the drink yet again until we arrived. The details get a little hazy starting from here due to the alcohol but we make it inside and more importantly to her bed.

I'm sure everyone knows what happens next so I'll leave that to your imagination and to the erotica writers. I know for sure that i definitely did not last long with her after what I heard previously. After we both finish and finish some more of the bottle, we start getting ready for bed. She goes to the bathroom to clean up a bit and slip on a pair of white panties. I set an alarm to ensure I will be out before her mom returns in the morning. We get comfortable in her small bed. I lay flat on my back and she's laying on top of my right side, her legs straddling my right thigh. She is out nearly immediately. 

I feel the rise and fall of her chest against mine as I lay waiting for sleep to come... aaaand of course it never does. I just had one of the best and sexiest nights of my life and my brain was still riding that high with no chance to come off it soon. The hours tick by with me staring blankly at the ceiling while Emily lays on me fast asleep. It was shortly before I needed to get out of there that it happened.

I somehow heard it first before I felt it. She released a torrent into her white cotton panties that did little to prevent the damage from leaking out onto my sweatpants. In my sleep deprived groggy state, my mind could not process what was happening. I felt the warmth from Emily's pee spread out down my legs, puddling at my crotch. I froze as the jigsaw pieces fell into place. She's wetting the bed! Emily has having a full blown accident right on top of me! My mind was racing as my heart wasn't too far behind it. I remember so clearly getting another erection as i felt the warmth pooling around me even more. 

Her stream slowly died down as I tried to figure out my next move. I slipped out from under her and stood up to survey the damage. It was enormous. My sweatpants were soaked. The whole right leg looked almost black as opposed to the normal gray color. I moved the comforter out of the way to inspect the mattress. Soaked as well. This girl left one hell of a puddle. I tried to shake Emily awake but it was to little effect. She only mumbled and pulled the comforter back up. I wasn't sure what to do. Should I have tried harder to wake her up to clean before her mother returned? Probably. But my time was running slim and my brain was too bogged down by tiredness and now excitement. I slipped out of the window sending her a text informing her of the situation as I made my escape.

The walk home was crazy. So many thoughts swimming in my brain. I specifically remember feeling the wind drying my pee stained sweatpants as I made the 4AM trek back to my house. I made it back home and stored those sweatpants in my closet (giving them a sniff first of course) and cleaned up before I lay in bed, endlessly replaying the nights events in my brain.

The next day she sent me an apology text and telling me how embarrassed she was about it. That was the first and last time I heard she was embarrassed about anything. I have a sneaking suspicion that she already knew of my pee kink and so I decided it would be a good time to tell her about it now. I told her of how hard it made me and how I'm keeping those pants as a trophy now. She took it well and made some flirty remarks about what kinky actions we might be able to get up with In the future. I thanked her for the accidental golden shower as well.

That concludes my story with Emily. As I said, I've had a few exes who indulged me in my fetish, however this one just always seems to stick in my brain. If anyone would love to hear any more, I would love to share. Feel free to ask any questions as well. Thanks for reading!

- Lee

*004*2023-07-09 04:17

{{16 hours ago, OldWetGuy said:

That is a scenario that a good fiction writer would question because it was too perfect. Lucky You!

}}

It really does sound too good to be true. But she did also confide in me that she occasionally wet the bed until she got into her early teens. I guess alcohol just brings that habit back for her.

*007*2023-07-11 03:34

{{20 hours ago, DrPepper said:

Would definitely want to hear more stories haha

}}

Besides one desperation on a bus ride, I believe that was the only "accident" that I witnessed her having. She did pee her pants for me on a dare one time. I'd be happy to share either of those stories if theres any interest. The rest of our pee activities werent exactly SFW.

