An experiment in bladder weakening

Author: WetTW

*000*2023-09-11 00:28

Disclaimer: I’m a pre-op trans woman, (though I’m looking forward to getting on Estrogen soon) but you won’t be seeing any genitals here.

Hi all,

I’ve been planning for an accident all week long. Since I have a very strong bladder this has required a lot of work, but the results are definitely worth it!

So throughout this week I have been repeatedly holding to the max, as to weaken my bladder/muscles. With the end goal to have some fun Sunday afternoon (today). I haven’t been doing as much as I could have because of school, but I definitely got the results I wanted.

I first noticed some weakening on Saturday, at around 1:20 AM, I woke up to a completely full and painful bladder. The only problem was it was completely pitch black in my room, the only light was the flashing power button on my UPS (which at the time I had no clue what it meant). So I grabbed my phone and went to turn on my smart lamp, except it didn’t connect. I sighed, and went over to the lamp switch, thinking my WiFi went down and my phone couldn’t reach my HomePod. However trying it did nothing, so I started getting suspicious, but ultimately chocked it up to power loss recovery keeping the previous state. 

So I grabbed my phone and used its flashlight to help me to the bathroom. Except when I flipped the light switch, absolutely nothing happened. Then it hit me, “ooh, the power is out”. Completely forgetting my need to go to the bathroom, I left my room and headed downstairs to investigate. For the next 20 minutes, I did various things like checking the breaker and silencing UPS’. Then as I was walking past the kitchen, the urge hit me like a truck, and I leaked for about a half a second before I could stop it. Rushing to the bathroom, I leaked a bit more then finished there. I was wearing some thicker cotton panties and leggings, the panties were soaked, but contained the mess well, leaving only a bit visible on my leggings. I ended up drinking another liter of water (my usual nighttime amount) before going back to bed. I did a bunch more holding, (and leaking) before today.

Today, was the last day of holding, especially to give my bladder a break. I got up around 7/7:30 AM to a full bladder, emptying it, I began rapid desperation. So 10 Oz every 30 minutes, using the restroom whenever. I did this until 2 PM, when I began my hold. It was only 30 minutes later when I first had to pee, and at the hour mark when I could feel my bladder bulging. At about 3:15, I was feeling very full and desperate, and I was unable to sit still. Not even five minutes later, I could feel the ‘end stage’ coming on, where I would lose control. So I got up and quickly, but also very slowly, walked over to my bathroom.

Once I got there, I spent maybe 20 minutes potty dancing before I leaked a bit. I stopped it very quickly and checked for damage, none so far. Before I could even remove my hand, I leaked again, then again. And there was definitely a lot of damage, it was very wet in the crotch area. I was spared for another 30 seconds, but I leaked again. This time it was much longer and I could barely stop it. This created a lot of damage and I decided to take my leggings off and jump in the shower. I was wearing my favorite pair, so I didn’t want to get them that wet. In hindsight, I should have worn a different pair, but next time. I leaked a bit stepping into the shower, but nothing happened for 2-3 minutes, but I could tell I was on the verge of failure. Then kinda suddenly, I had this sharp sensation, and I just couldn’t hold on. I tried to stop it, but it just sped up and my muscles were tired. I peed for about a minute into my panties, and I mostly emptied, but stopped it right when I could.

I definitely want to do this again outside or something on a day where I am alone. Especially since the gap until it will be really cold out is closing. So do tell me if you want to see more!

Anyways, here is the aftermath. My leggings are dark damp on the outside, but gray on the inside. So I reversed it so you can see the damage better. Sorry it doesn’t really show well.&&

&&

