Accidentally Soiled My Pants

Author: WetDave

*000*2022-02-01 20:12

Well today I accidentally pooped my pants for the first time in many years.

There was no warning, no premonition of the impending disaster, no stomach pains, nothing. I was on my walk back from work when I suddenly farted, completely unexpectedly and involuntarily. Unfortunately it was more than a fart, indeed more than a shart - I’d totally followed through. Somehow within less than a second I’d expelled a log into my pants.

It took me a moment to realise what had happened as my trousers were pulled tight around the front of my crotch by the size and weight of the turd in the rear. I stood there in disbelief that this could have happened until it finally sank in that yes, I had indeed shit myself.

As I came to terms with what had happened I realised that I had no option other than to continue my walk home with a mile to go. As i walked I felt the turd gradually slide down in my briefs to settle between my legs, jiggling about between my thighs with each step.

I was grateful for my decision to wear briefs that day instead of loose boxers or even going commando as I sometimes do. When I got home I found that the briefs had contained most of the mess which was easily dumped out into the toilet; the rest was fixed by the washing machine and a shower.

I still can’t quite believe I somehow managed to accidentally mess myself like that.

*001*2022-02-02 21:36

{{7 minutes ago, Goldenretriver said:

I once had sharp pains, and pooed in my pants. The poo went down my legs, and the shame and embarrassment

}}

Did anyone notice?

*002*2022-02-02 21:49

{{8 minutes ago, Goldenretriver said:

I don’t think so thankfully

}}

I think most of the time it’s easier not to be found out compared with wetting. Unless like me you are stuck in a meeting room at work for an hour where one of the attendees has shit himself.

*003*2022-02-02 21:55

{{Just now, Goldenretriver said:

Wetting pants is much less risky and smelly too!

}}

Very true and also more enjoyable!

*005*2022-02-03 21:33

{{3 hours ago, tanin said:

Cool story, however much unexpected. How big was the accident? Rather a golf ball size or an orange one? Also, was it pretty much solid?

}}

A bit bigger than a golf ball. Solid but soggy.

