My first experience losing control!

Author: wet-ty

*000*2021-03-04 07:22

To start with, the gender tag is wrong, I'm non-binary, but assigned male at birth.

And this is my first post ever as well as my first experience losing control completely, so please be nice!

Anyway, this was a couple of days ago, just before I made my account here. I'm currently in university and doing my work from home a lot, which often means I get to be home alone. So one morning I decided I was going to do a hold, I started at about 8am with two glasses of water and my usual coffee (without a coffee I'm essentially dead to the world lmao) and sat down to get started on my work, whilst still drinking more water.

At about 9:30am I was finally home alone, so i had another couple glasses of water. I kept working solidly till about midday, and I began to struggle to focus, the water was finally catching up with me! I tried to ignore it and press on with my work, but I completely lost focus at about 1pm.

So to try and keep holding and to distract my brain from my current situation, I went on TikTok, about half an hour later I could not think of anything but pissing. I was at about a 9.5/10 at 1:30pm. I wanted to try and make it to at least 2pm, so I went to my bathroom and stood inside the shower, doing my potty dance the whole time.

I couldn't keep still at all, my hands were firmly pressed on my crotch, and then I felt the first leak. It was only a little spurt, but it made it so much more difficult to hold on. It was only about 10 minutes later. At this point I was kneeling on the floor of the shower, putting as much pressure as I can on my crotch, and starting to whimper whilst squirming wildly. About 30 seconds later I couldn't stop it, I was going to fully wet myself.

I felt it come out suddenly and seep through my hands onto the floor, it was so warm. I felt as my bladder completely gave out and I moaned from the release. My trackpants were soaking wet from it all. It lasted nearly a minute straight, and it was pure bliss. It felt so amazing to fully lose control of my bladder and wet myself.

Once I was done, I,,,,, had some fun with myself,,, and then I cleaned up.

To calm down I had a cup of green tea, which was a soothing end to a wonderful experience

