Omo ideas for a week with the house to myself

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-08-08 22:04

I'm going to have the house to myself for a few days next week and would love some ideas for fun omo challenges to take advantage of the privacy and freedom to peeee!

I definitely want to do a no-toilet day for pee (or a few days even), meaning any time I have to pee I have to wet my pants (or pee in the backyard, sit in the sink, squat over dirty laundry, lots of ways to get creative)

I also want to do a day where I can use the toilet but I have to keep my undies on and keep peeing them all day, and an all day hold until I have an accident. I was also thinking about taking walks around the neighbourhood desperate since I won't have to worry about sneaking back in the house in peed pants. Any other ideas? Looking to have a super wet week!

*003*2022-08-09 02:39

That sounds super fun! Sometimes I really love staying desperate and just letting out a tiny bit at a time, but never enough to make the urge fully go away (and of course staying hydrated so it doesn't 😛 ). That way your muscles slowly get more and more tired and you get to enjoy the full feeling for longer without it getting uncomfortable

{{4 hours ago, Seifer69 said:

Sounds like you're going to have a good time next week!!

}}

Any ideas for me to try?

*007*2022-08-09 07:07

{{7 minutes ago, omogoshipeed said:

If you have bed protection, a lazy day where you stay in bed all day, except to get snacks or poop, is super fun. Last time I did that, I wet my jeans so many times in bed that i was soaked from my waist to my ankles. Slept in my peed underwear, and I’m sure I wet while I was sleeping… not that you could tell 😊

Rolled over to the dry side of the bed at one point and wet there too 😎

}}

That sounds lovely! I do have bed protection and I'd actually like to try falling asleep desperate (may do that tonight!) and see if I wet the bed or wake up bursting and leak

*010*2022-08-09 20:02

{{41 minutes ago, RewetC said:

If you find it interesting to try, I recommend wearing two layers or so of your favorite and most comfortable clothes for wetting and/or other clothes. Be careful not to put on too many though as they might make you feel uncomfortable when moving.

But keep wetting in them over and over until none of it is dry anymore. Then, you could go outside, maybe run errands while holding or just go for a walk and wet whenever you feel comfortable doing it. You could also do it when it's dark outside and maybe pass by some places you will be alone and leave no visible traces...

Perhaps sleeping in wet clothes and keeping them on the next day for more omo is also an idea you want to try?

Definitely have fun and maybe tell us about it. Thinking about such an opportunity is very exciting!

}}

I've actually done that, its super fun! I used to put on a bunch of layers under waterproof snowpants and hold until I was leaking/had an accident in my room. It's really great because the wetness still goes down your legs but you can sit down without making puddles/getting everything wet.

I really wanna try wetting the same underwear all day long and keeping them on under dry pants but I'm worried about the possibility of bacteria in the urine being held against my skin and causing a UTI. Do any other women/people with a vagina have experience with this? I'm somewhat prone to UTIs and don't want to do anything unsafe.

*011*2022-08-09 20:47

I might like to try wearing a diaper for a day or two this week as well - does anyone have any brands to reccomend from the drug store? I don't want to buy a big pack, just 2 or 3 diapers max bc there's nowhere totally private I can store them that I wouldn't be worried about them possibly being found, and nowhere discreet I could dispose of them when my roomates/family are back home that I wouldn't worry about the smell.

*014*2022-08-10 06:18

{{2 hours ago, ThreadbareOmo said:

So many good ideas to be had.

First one I'd go with would be to soak your underwear, then throw some dry clothes on over them and do some errands, pick up groceries, etc. Nothing too hardcore, and you don't have to stay in them for too long.

Also, I love the thought of doing a neighborhood walk while desperate. You could set an appropriate distance from your place or use a landmark, and not allow yourself to cross that point on your way back until you've had your first involuntary leak. The challenge would be to get back home with the least amount of visible damage that you can manage.

Whatever you end up doing, I hope you share the results!

}}

Those are both such fantastic ideas! I particularly love the dry pants over wet underwear idea because inevitably if the undies are soaked enough, you'll get a wet spot on the pants, just depends how big and how long it takes to form.

Keep the ideas coming if you have more! 🙂

*017*2022-08-10 19:32

Okay, today is day 1 of having the house to myself, I've been unintentionally holding for a few hours now, can't remember exactly when I peed last but I think about 3 or so hours ago. I'm sitting at a good 6.5/10 and I want to do an all day hold until I wet myself today. I'm gonna just keep going about my day normally and see how desperate I can get! Normally I can't really do something like that because I'm very prone to leaking and can't risk it around my roomates unless I'm staying in my room for a few hours, which isn't as fun. Let the desperation commence!

*019*2022-08-10 23:01

Little update: I've decided to commit to no pees in the toilet for the next few days unless I'm out of the house, with friends, or peeing my undies on the toilet.

*021*2022-08-11 18:04

{{18 hours ago, Wettishfettish said:

Oh I think you're cheating if you break the rules when you're out or with friends! You need to stick your own rules!

Instead of breaking the rules, you must stick to them. Just wear black pants or something that doesn't show very well and anytime you need to go, just pull down your pants but leave your panties on and pee through them. No cheating! 😏

}}

Nah, not into that around people I'm not sexual with

*022*2022-08-12 19:38

Well the last couple days have been quite a success! I'm busy today and feeling like I'll probably take a break the next few days but yesterday from waking up till going to sleep I did every single pee in my pants, and peed the bed before sleeping. The day before I got myself very very desperate to the point I was leaking later with barely anything in my bladder. Control seems back to normal today, might pee my undies on the toilet a couple times but other than that I'll be signing off until next time 🙂 STay wet friends

