My fetish is ruining my life

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-09-17 06:20

So I’ve officially had enough. As many of you all know, my mom is a raging bitch. Her and I don’t get along well, we’ve never really been that close. Also as you all may know, my mom has seen me pee myself twice now. They weren’t deliberate wettings, they were pure accidental. But my mom has apparently seen some of my wet jeans in the washing machine from the “on-purpose” accidents I have. So the last time I accidentally peed myself, my mom caught me in the act of it. In a nutshell, she had told me that if I continue “acting like a child”, she’s gonna treat me like one. I had no clue what that even meant, and I didn’t want to find out either, so lately I’ve been really trying to cover my ass up for when I do my deliberate wettings. It’s been fine, but last night I finally found out what my mom meant by “treating me like a kid”. The hard way.

So I was in a 3 hour lecture at school today, and since I can’t hold my pee for much longer than 3 hours, I’m sure you can imagine how I felt. I was sipping on a large coffee that I got from Dunkin Donuts all morning, which added up fast. For those of y’all who actually give two shits about what I was wearing, I had on a white jacket, black leggings, sneakers, and I had on pink tanga panties. Towards the end of the lecture, my mom had texted me, “I really hope you aren’t planning on going out after school.”

So I’m confused, so I text her back a question mark.

“I really need you to babysit [not putting his name on here, but it was my little brother’s name], I need to get out of here by 2:00,” she texted back. Usually I don’t have lectures this long and I’m out of school by 12, which gives enough time for me to get home when my mom leaves to go to work. It was 1:25 when she texted me this, and my school is about 20 minutes away from my house. I was at maybe a 7 at this point for how badly I had to go.

Everyone, I’m so fucking stupid. I have no one to blame but myself for this because I’m just an idiot. I didn’t even use the bathroom right before leaving my college. I’m not sure why. Maybe it’s because my body is just so used to me holding my urine in, or maybe it was because I had to rush home, but I’m just a fucking idiot for not using it.

I drove home as fast as I could, with only one hand on my steering wheel, and I’m sure you can guess where my other hand was. The worst part was, that I couldn’t really cross my legs since I was driving. I just had to keep my hand on my crotch, and drive home quickly. The drive seemed endless. At one point, I decided to let a little leak out to take some of the pressure off. It wasn’t a lot, but it was enough to get on my seat, and it was enough to make me very uncomfortable, while driving in a now smelly car.

Finally, I drove up to my house, parked, and got out. My little brother got in my way to show me his new lego sculpture, which ate up more time. Finally, I ran up to the bathroom…..which was fucking closed. Why wouldn’t it be? Just my luck. I knocked on the door. “5 minutes!” My mom answered. “I’m running late and I need to finish getting ready for work!”

I sat in my room on my bed, overwhelmed because my mom was balling things up for me. I thought back to the last time I got caught, and how I almost peed in my metal garbage can. I could only imagine myself squatting in the can to pee, ass naked, and either my brother or my mother walking in. So that wasn’t an option at this point.

It was then that I realized that I hadn’t seen my mom all day. Which means she hadn’t seen me all day. Which means she had no idea what I was wearing. SO, I decided what I would do was gonna be to pee in my leggings, and quickly change my pants.

So, I quickly grabbed a towel, put it underneath me, and let it rip. It gushed out, sprung all down my legs, making my leggings just soaked. The towel absorbed most of it, and after about a 45-second long pee, I felt a million times better. Just then, I heard my mom knock on my door. I told her to wait a second. I took off my leggings, threw them across the room with the towel, and started to put on a fresh change of yoga pants, when my mom started yelling through the door and knocking even louder. I pulled up my pants, and opened the door.

“What’s up?” I asked.

“What was taking you so long to open the door? I have to leave for work, I’m late!”

“Well, what took you so long in the bathroom? I had to pee,” I told her.

“I told you that I’m late for work and that I had to get ready! Now make sure that you put the chicken inside the stove for dinner,” my mom said.

“Okay, okay,” I said, trying to get her to leave. She started to turn away, when she stopped dead in her tracks.

“Wait...you said you had to pee?” Fuck.

“No...I said I have to pee,” I said slowly, my face slowly getting hot. She spun around. “Do you mind if I come inside your room?”

“...how come?” I asked, knowing exactly why. My heart began pounding.

“I don’t have time for this shit! I’m already late! Let me in!” She yelled, and barged her way in my room. She took a look around, and said to me, “What’s that smell?”

I began stuttering. “W-w-what smell?” I backed up slowly, towards where I threw the towel and leggings. I started to push it nonchalantly underneath my bed, when she saw what I was doing.

“What is that?” She walked over, and snatched the towel, but then quickly dropped it when she felt how wet it was. She saw the leggings right near me, and gazed up.

That’s when the screaming took place. She spent about a minute yelling at me about how much of a child I was because this was the third time she’s seen me pee myself. She looked at the time, and muttered, “I’ll deal with you when I get home.”

When she left, I began crying, and then I had to do the chores that she asked me to do, in addition to washing my pants and towel. All day long the worry fed through me about what she might do. I couldn’t even leave home either, I had to babysit my brother.

My mom came home at around 9:00, and that’s when things got really scary. I closed my door and lied on my bed. My heart was pounding. She didn’t do anything when she walked into the house, and I thought for a second that I may be in the clear. About 5 minutes later, she knocked on my door.

“Come in,” I said. She walked in. I still lied on my bed, and she stood next to the bed, and talked to me. She started off calm, saying that she understands accidents happen from time to time, but that it shouldn’t happen this often. I tried to tell her that I really had to go badly, and that I had no other choice than to wet myself. She went on about how she has seen my wet pants turn up in the washing machine a few times, and that I have no shame. That’s when the conversation turned into arguing, and the arguing turned into yelling. It got bad. Really bad. Then she asked softly if I have problems with peeing. Like health problems. That meant that if I said yes, I would have to go see a doctor. I told her no, and so I bit the bullet and told her about my fetish.

That was really hard to say. She got really angry with me about that, and said that I’m such a little kid for doing this. I told her that she was a shitty mother for saying that. She looked shocked when I said that, then got really angry. And then this cunt grabbed me while I was still laying down on my bed, rolled me over and literally BEGAN FUCKING SPANKING MY ASS like I was a little FUCKING kid. She got in only 2 or 3 swats in, but she went hard and they stung. I pushed her away, we both started screaming at each other, and then I stormed out, grabbed my keys, and drove off in my car. 

I called my friend Emily, explained everything to her, and she said that I could move in with her. Her and I go to the same college, but she lives in an apartment off-campus. So right now I’m spending the night there, and tomorrow I’m gonna go home and grab all of my clothes and stuff, and move in with Emily, for I don’t even KNOW how long. Emily seemed understanding of all this, but she did laugh a little at the situation.

I’m so fucking pissed. There’s nothing wrong with peeing your pants, whether it’s on purpose or on accident. I’m just so pissed at everything, I officially hate my mom. I can see why she yelled at me and was upset, but she has no right to touch me like how she did. Like I said, it wasn’t a lot of hits, but they did hurt enough to make me let out a scream. Even if they didn’t hurt, it’s the principle alone that says that it’s not right that she did that. I’m not even that horny from this whole incident, I’m just too angry and upset about this.

Can someone PM me so I can rant? Preferably girls? Nothing against guys, it’s just I feel that I can rant to a girl better than a horny guy. Thanks.

*012*2017-09-17 19:33

To everyone who commented- thank you all so much. I've moved out, grabbed all of my things today and moved in with Emily. she understood everything, i know it's assault, but im not going to press charges against her or anything. she's a psycho bitch and ive moved out. it was a bunch of emotions running amok when that happened, which im not justifying her hitting me, but in essence i see where it came from. to the asshole who is insinuating that im making this shit up- fuck off. why the fuck would i make this shit up? i have a weak bladder as it is, i was desperate to pee, so i leaked a little out. it hurt too much. i had no other choice but to pee my pants when i got home. anyways thanks to everyone who messaged me and replied- ill be posting again later if anything else happens

*019*2017-09-18 04:00

{{39 minutes ago, malegusher92 said:

Its hard to confess to anyone about this fetish we all have. I havent told a single person in my life and i know if i do or someone finds out about it its going to make me look VERY bad. It sucks what you are going through with your mom. And the fact that she hit you was absolutely ridiculous. I do hope things go well for the future and get better for you.

Also I dont mean to sound like a dick, and excuse me if I am cause im sensitive to certain things. I know you were angry at the time, but I feel extremely insulted that you refer to males as "horny guys". Not every man is a lusty walking hard on

}}

Thanks, but you should see my inbox of messages and you will realize that almost every guy besides a few are very horny and shit

{{1 minute ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I think she was just using that as an exaggeration to refer to guys who feel aroused at her stories, which she didn't seem to mind before but this one is definitely not the time for such things.

}}

Yes exactly, thank you

