Wetting during Babysitting

Author: wetspandex19

*000*2019-02-12 02:16

Not a super long story but it was fun to reminisce on anyways. Last night I was babysitting for a family with twin three year olds. As part of the routine when I babysit we usually go on a walk to the park to burn some energy when I first get there. I was wearing high waisted black lulu leggings and a crop top and flip flops. Anyways, we walked to the park and I knew I needed to pee but wasn’t too desperate probably a 6/10. I gave them their dinner at the park and let them run around for about an hour and a half until it started to get dark. On the way home I realized my desperation was growing but I thought I was fine still.

I got them home and let them play in the living room while I did the dishes. The only way to use the restroom while I’m babysitting is to call the kids aunt who lives two doors down to come watch them for a few minutes which she doesn’t mind at all but I hate to bother her. They can’t be left alone because they have a pool in the yard and can open the doors.

About a half hour later I was getting really desperate but sitting on the couch helped as I was sitting and could occasionally hold myself. It was time to get the boys in the tub and the second the water turned on I lost a spurt. It was killing me being so close to the toilet and not being able to go. I was pee dancing next to the outdoor tub while they played with toys in the tub. It was too late to call the aunt because I didn’t want her to see or smell the pee on my leggings and it was only another 30 minutes until the mom got home. My bladder felt heavy and so I sat on top of the toilet lid with my heel pressing down to avoid leaking.

As soon as I stood up to grab something for the boys I could feel it shooting out. I grabbed myself and it stopped but after a very long spurt all the way down my leggings. At that point I couldn’t take it any longer and sat down in the grass and let it all go through my leggings since I could not take off my leggings while babysitting. I was just hoping they would dry before their mom was home or she wouldn’t notice.

As soon as she got home I rushed out with something about how I had a lot of homework but really my tired bladder was starting to feel full again and I didn’t want her to notice the previous wet marks. I made it home dry about an hour away and finally got to have some fun with my full bladder until I lost control again in my shower.

