Overestimated a maxi-pad at work today

Author: wettingthebed

*000*2022-03-15 01:28

So this just happened yesterday and my heart is still racing over it oh my GOD. I swear reading other omo experiences online made me a little overconfident in my own holding abilities and today I've reaped the consequences of that hubris... BIG time!

So first, to give a little backstory (scroll to the - to skip this): last year I got covid pretty bad and ended up spending a good amout of out-of-pocket savings on medical bills (yay, US healthcare system!!). Its paid off now, but the hole left in my savings account started bumming me out so I picked up a weekend job at a fast food restaurant (for copyright purposes, lets call it "DcMonalds"). Now, far from the easy breezy lil side hustle I had planned, this job has turned out to be an absolute personalized torture session every fucking weekend. Rude customers? You betcha! Shitty management? Hell yeah! Critically understaffed? Wow, three for three!

I mean, dont get me wrong- Ive worked fast food before so I wasnt exactly blind to what I was getting myself into. I expected all that and I was willing to put up with it for the flexible hours and, well, money. But what I didnt predict was that the morning opening shift I was on only consists of TWO PEOPLE. One kitchen, one front/drive thru. Im the front person. And I mean, sure, in theory it works. Its a rural area and theres not a lot of customers, and the manager is there to help if needed. But IF I NEED TO PEE there is RARELY time to do that during a 5 hour shift. And I have a SMALL bladder.

So I have to hold it until more people come in who can cover for me. Alternatively, I can drag the manager away from whatever shes doing to cover, but shes super bitchy, hates me, and acts annoyed whenever I do this. Plus if I go once then I ususally end up having to go again because the universe hates me. And Im very anxious and awkward as a person so yeah, all of that combined means I spend 10 hours of my weekend desperate and stressed out.

So now THIS weekend I decided to try something that I thought might alleviate some of that stress. Now Im not quite brave enough to buy diapers, and also my pants fit kinda tight so id be nervous it showed. But I do have some of those maxi overnight period pads so I THOUGHT that maybe if I wore them, i would be less nervous about leaking since it would pick up a good amount of liquid. I didnt actually intend to USE them though- it was just a precaution to ease my nerves. And when I wore one on saturday, it did just that! I never actually leak at work, but there are close calls, and Saturday was no exception, but this time the close calls didnt leave me with cold sweats and a frantic heartbeat.

###

Now, enter yesterday. Yesterday, I fucked up.

I knew like 30 minutes into the shift I was gonna HAVE to use the bathroom before I got any help- which meant asking the manager to cover me. Usually I dont have a huge issue with this, but it does make me nervous and paired with the added security of the maxi pad, I ended up chickening out a few times that I could have asked. No big deal though, because eventually around 9:30 it was actually pretty dead so I worked up some courage and went to the office again, only to see her on the phone. Shit. I felt a twinge of panic because waiting this long already made me like a 9/10. So I kinda loitered a bit but then there were a few customers. About 20 minutes later I was handing somone their food and getting a bit more nervous when my manager walked by- perfect! I turned to ask her, but she was faster,

'Hey I need to bring some stuff to (other location two towns over), think you guys'll be ok while I'm gone?'

'Well actually, before you go could you cover me while I use the restroom?'.....Is what I WISH i had said. Instead, my coworker said yeah, we'd be fine its a slow day, and my anxious buffon self smiled and nodded in agreement. So she left. FUCK!

Now I was in full panic mode. I was on the verge of losing it and had no clue how long she'd be gone. It was a 20min drive to the other location so that was at least 40 min, and I'd be lucky to last 10. And although Ive never really tested a maxi pad, I damn well knew it wouldnt hold the fluid I was packing all in one go.

And that, dear friends, is when I had my clever little idea.

Of course it couldnt hold a bladder of pee! And definitely not ALL at ONCE! But after a little mental math, I gleefuly realized that another employee would be here in under an hour, and as long as I got a LITTLE relief, I could make that! So that is how I, a modern icarus if you will, decided to let out a number of small spurts over the course of that hour.

I decided to do a spurt every 10 minutes so it would absorb fully and give the illusion of constant relief. I also figured that the pad would hold 6 spurts no problem (Fool!).

So, confident and pleased with myself, I chose a quiet moment while no customers were in to let out the first one. I leaned casually against the counter and pretended to be focused on filling the sauces up, while really I was focused on controlling my urethra. And boy, for how much I had to go, it was HARD. My body did NOT want to start peeing right there in the open at work, which it generally a good instict to have but at the moment wasnt very helpful. I was trying to just relax and let it flow since that seemed the easiest sort of stream to cut off. But it became clear I needed to push a bit. So I steeled myself, discreetly spread my legs a little, and did just that.

A warm little gush of pee came out and I immediatly cut it off. Success! I was so proud! But the pride fell away quickly because somehow that just made my desperation worse, and worse it felt wet against my pussy. I knew it would be absorbed in a second but somehow that wetness just increased my need even more! After 5 minutes, however, I felt dry and desparate enough to try another spurt, throwing the 10 minute plan out the window. I was moving around and taking orders and jostling my bladder, and I just knew if the floodgates burst on their own schedule then there'd be no cutting it off.

So while I waited for the kitchen guy to finish the drive thru order, I squatted down to and acted like I was opening a case of napkins to restock. Squatting put a lot of pressure on my bladder, and it was easier to do this time. I let some out, cut it off, and stood back up. No dice. Still crazy desparate. I bagged the order and handed it out, briefly contemplated an acting career based on how calm I could be on the outside, then went to take some orders up front. We ended up having a mini rush then (ok like maybe 8 customers but thats a lot for just us) and all the standing still while they ordered was KILLING ME. I couldnt be doing a potty dance right in front of these people! I was squeezing my toes in and flexing my calves to stop from showing. Finally I got so scared of losing it I did something crazy (well,crazy for me).

While an old man and his wife deliberated over sausage or bacon, I relaxed my legs and tried to feel as calm as my expression hopefully was. And I let out a BIG splash of pee! My heart skipped a beat, and my whole kit and caboodle tingled and trembled as I stopped the flow. But still, even after that, everything still felt secure. Wet, but not WET, y'know? Eventually the orders all cleares up and I managed to run back to 'refill the ice machine'... and to check for leaks where no one could see me. I quickly felt my crotch and bum but despite how full the pad felt I seemed to be in the clear! I only had 15 min until help arrived now, so I decided not to risk any more than that. I was still VERY desperate but having so little time left kept me calm.

Then I dropped the ice scoop.

Oh... that fucking ice scoop!

It went under the wire shelf so I squatted right down without thinking, and the motion of squatting and reaching under something caused me to let go of my bladder, and I started PEEING full force! I immediately jumped up and froze. The shock of it caused me to stop the flow instinctively, but I could feel the heavyiness of the pad, and the distinctive warmth blooming across the fabric on my ass.

NO.

NO NO NO.

My heart was going fucking APESHIT at this point, like a washing machine with an unbalaced load. I just sort of stood there trembling in horror for a second. Then I came back to my senses, and my senses were telling be that I, first of all, had breached the pad for sure, and SECOND of all, I had such a desperate urge to let the rest out that it HURT.

I took a breath and brushed a shaky hand over my lower bum. Definitely damp, but they were black pants so maybe it didnt show too badly? Only 15 minutes and honestly whos looking there that closely? I thought hey, maybe its all right maybe I can pull this off, but I was gambling at the reapers feet now. I could feel wave after wave of desperation and I was standing rooted in place as I fought each one. This whole time maybe 5 minutes had passed and there hadnt been a drive thru order (thank god for rural sunday traffic) but I needed to be at the front of the store in case a customer came inside. Oh, but moving seemed impossible. For a second I considered dropping my pants and just peeing in the drain by the mop buckets but the fear of getting caught was too much. God I wish I had though!

I started walking gingerly but then pee started just... trickling out. I gasped out loud and tightened my muscles, but I was losing control and instinctively jammed my hands into my crotch.

Big.

Mistake.

I threw my hands full force to my pussy to stop that flow. And all that pee in the pad? Well, it was squeezed out. Big ole gush into the bum of my pants. I let out some kinda hiccup noise and pulled my hands away, dipping and everything, but I still couldnt stop the flow and I just sort of gave up out of shock. I bent my legs and hunched over a little bit as I peed, warmth going all down my legs and in my shoes. It splattered on the floor. Most of it was going down the back of my legs, but I could see a small dark patch blossom around my crotch and thighs letting me know, oh christ, that my jeans definitely werent black enough to hide this. I started crying. I swear I am a grown ass woman but in that moment I felt all the shame, fear, and embarrasment as if I was a kid peeing their pants in gym class.

Finally the stream cut off, and I just shakily wiped my hands on the dry part of my thighs and just... walked to the bathroom. Thank fuck there were no customers inside (The bathrooms are in the lobby), and the kitchen guy was setting up lunch stuff looking the other direction. I marched into a stall, then shakily told my coworker over the headset that Id be in the bathroom a for minute, could he take orders if they came? He was like, 'yeah fine'. Easy as that. Why hadnt I just asked him before???? Whats a minute in the bathroom- he can do one order! He can ask them to wait a minute!!! Why am I so stupid shy that I wont just be assertive and ask people?????

I toweled myself down as best I could, and I was gonna try to use the hand dryers on my pants but then someone walked in. I looked through the stall cracks and saw that it was my coworker who was coming for the next shift. So I sheepishly asked if she could go to the back room and grab me a pair of new uniform pants from the back room real quick, which she did, fucking ANGEL that she is oh god. She even clocked in a few minutes early to cover for me. It was so humiliating though. She asked what happened so I told her and I gotta say, that whole experience was awful and I'm still really upset but god my coworker is the best. She got real pissed at the manager for even putting me in that position and proceeded to tell me about a bunch of different times she'd wet herself and how it wasnt a big deal, etc, etc. And by the end of my shift she'd sort of cheered me up. That woman is too good for this world

So yeah, sorry if that all came out a bit ramble-y but I wanted to write it while it was still fresh in my head, and it was also pretty theraputic lol.

