When will I learn!

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-05-01 10:17

I was at my colleague Jen's barbecue after work last night.

We'd been to the pub for a couple of pints and I was halfway through my third glass of Pimms when I felt the first warning. A polite nudge from my bladder. Nothing urgent, just a tap on the shoulder.

If you've read about any of my mishaps you'll have already guessed that I ignored it.

That was a mistake.

Another half hour went by. The pressure turned into something more intense. I shifted on the patio chair, legs crossed. Still manageable. Then someone cracked a joke and I laughed too hard—and something inside me clenched.

I froze.

Oh no.

I stood quickly, trying to act casual. My bladder felt like a balloon straining at its seams. “Bathroom,” I muttered to no one in particular, and started walking—deliberately, slowly, like sudden movement might trigger disaster.

Jen’s place was unfamiliar enough that I panicked when I couldn’t find the bathroom immediately. I walked down the hallway, past a linen closet, then another door—finally, the bathroom.

Locked.

No. No, no, no.

I knocked. “Hello? Anyone in there?”

Silence.

Then a voice. “Just a minute!”

I whimpered. Literally whimpered. I pressed my back to the hallway wall, squeezing my legs together, breathing like I was in labour. The pressure was unbearable now. My whole body was clenched tight.

Then I felt it.

Warmth. A slow, horrifying trickle.

“oh for fucks sake not again” I whispered. I tried to stop it, to hold it back, but it was like trying to dam a river with my bare hands.

The flood came.

It was over in seconds. The warmth spread down my thighs, soaking through my jeans. My socks, my shoes—drenched. I stood there in absolute, stunned silence, like time had stopped. My heart was hammering in my ears.

I couldn’t believe it. I had wet myself and made a puddle on my friend's carpet.

When would I learn? When would I stop having accidents like this?

I turned, half-shuffling back down the hallway, praying I wouldn’t run into anyone and could make my escape home. I could text her later, apologize for the mess and pay for professional carpet cleaning.

But of course, Jen was there, coming around the corner with a tray of shots.

She stopped mid-step. Her eyes dropped to my jeans. “Oh, honey…”

That did it. The dam broke again—but this time, it was tears. I covered my face with my hands, shaking with embarrassment.

“I didn’t make it,” I choked.

Jen set the tray down and wrapped me in a hug, not even hesitating. “It happens. Come on. Let’s get you cleaned up.”

She led me back upstairs and handed me a pair of her jeans and knickers. She’s smaller than me a lot smaller like 4 inches shorter! Her clothes were a tight squeeze, but I didn’t care. I peeled off my soaked jeans with a grimace and stuffed them into a plastic bag she gave me without a word.

When I came back downstairs, no one said a thing—either Jen had covered for me, or everyone was just too kind to mention it.

When will I learn though?

