XPee's "Accidents"

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2021-05-07 19:56

2 days ago, I uploaded my second wetting story. It was a continuation of a trilogy of my first 3 genuine accidents - all of which happened as a teenager. The following night (last night) I logged back in to my account to find that not only this story, but the first story I uploaded about my very first accident had disappeared. I assume they were taken down by admins/mods, so I left them some questions via the Contact Us page. I'm still waiting for a response.

Until then, as reluctant as I am to upload any further stories (in case I'm wasting my time), I'll post my stories here, but in a much shorter form. I hope everyone enjoys, or at least gets the chance to enjoy them!

Let's begin.

*002*2021-05-07 23:04

I'm going to get the first 3 stories out the way in one post, and any other school related stuff, just in case that was the reason my original posts were taken down.

The only background info I can think of is that I'm from the UK, so we have school uniforms, rather than 'wear what you want' like places like America do it. Mine consisted of black pants, blue shirt, dark blue tie and jumper. Oh, and I wasn't very hygienic, which I guess is normal for a teenager. I bet the other boys weren't happily wetting themselves, though.

You'll also find they generally occur the same way - not actually in school, but on the way home from school at the end of the day.

My First Accident (At Home)

My first accident happened when I was about 12/13. I had was on my way home and I remember it wasn't an especially desperate time. There were no obstacles (like having to go in school but not being allowed etc) except for one - and that's all it took.

I had that thing you get were you're on your way home, approaching your street and suddenly your bladder screams at you to empty it right there and then, often completely out of nowhere. I managed to get down my street, walk up to my front door, get through it but fell at the last hurdle - my porch door. I was so focused on trying to keep it in and deal with this relatively sudden desperation, that I couldn't focus on getting the right key in the door. I was just lucky I had privacy, because I was jumping up and down quite hard. The potty dance, but hardcore.

I was struggling and getting nowhere so gave myself some strong words and ordered myself to just focus on the keys and not the need to go, because at worst I'll just leak a bit but I'll make it to the w/c in time for sure before having a total accident. Within seconds I went back to the potty dance, except I could feel and hear as if I was standing in a puddle. I was. I was mid stream and the ship had already sailed. It was eye-wateringly satisfying to finally relieve myself. I considered trying to stop the stream for a nanosecond but it was clear to me that I'd already done the damage and it was too late lol

I never cared for one moment that it was in my pants, but afterwards I was scared of being caught by my mum, who was due home within a short space of time by this point. I squelched through the house in my flooded (and quite frankly heavy) school pants and shoes, went up to my bedroom and threw my coat, bag etc all on my bed. At this point I had that second pee you get that's really abrupt and hard to control. It came out instantly and all I could do was stand there in my bedroom waiting for it to finish despite the bathroom being next door. I was freshly wet anyway, so although a bit annoyed about this second accident I wasn't too bothered. I went downstairs again to mop up my first puddle. I noticed I wasn't bothered by the initial accident at all though.

My Second Accident (Walking Home)

Much similar to the first accident, I was on my way home from school again. This time, I had further to walk because I was at a different school to take exams on computers only they had for that specific week. I finished my test (which I failed lol) and got to head home an hour or two earlier than usual. Would have been nice if the weather was nice, but no. Storms with intermittent torrential rain spells and constant high speed gusts of wind. Great weather for wetting yourself it seems.

I got 1/3 of the walk out of the way fairly slowly to be honest, with what started out as a mild need now turning into what I would class as desperation for me. I think it's different for everyone tbh. But as I walked past the bus stops I did consider going to the bus station toilets, however I decided I wasn't waiting ages for a bus because that would end in catastrophe, so didn't cross over to the bus stop itself and therefore also missed the toilets out. Then the torrential rain came back.

At this point, I was entering a park which would take me to 2/3 of the walk home once I came out the other side. I was quickly re-soaked right through with heavy rain. That's when I had my first leak. I must have taken 5 more steps forward and suddenly another warm loss of control. I managed to hold it and could probably have continued to for a little while, but I doubt I would've made it home if I was leaking that early in the journey. For the first time, I actually appreciated the warmth of the pee combined with the relief in generally brought.

So I considered it for a minute until another spurt came out and I thought "you know what, go for it" and didn't try to stop the spurt, allowing it to develop into a full release that I remember felt heavenly. I was back to being freezing cold by the time I left the park on the other side, though. But I knew wetness would also be disguised and drowned out / dried in by both the rain and the wind and the fact that I was wearing black school pants.

My Third Accident (In Class & Walking Home)

So I'm now 15, in year 11 of high school and I have this reoccurring problem. For some reason, I went through a phase of my bladder suddenly bursting to empty itself out of nowhere in the last 30 mins of school. Always seemed to be in Art class, too. Maybe because it was a double-lesson so I'd spend 2-3hrs just in the one room before home time. The teacher also liked to keep us late because he was a liked to act throw his weight around a bit by being unnecessarily strict with a class that was always well behaved. But up until that point, I was used to needing to go on the way home. Maybe mildly in lessons, but usually only badly on the way home. For these couple weeks it was like sudden death within the last half hour of lessons.

I usually managed to persuade a teacher to let me go, except I was given a polite, yet firm "no." from my friendly art teacher. It was a bit like "c'mon mate, try and hold it this time, yeah?". I thought I was gonna wet myself completely within minutes. I leaked quite hard and had to sit down not moving for a lot of the remaining half hour, while others were tidying up for the end of the lesson. The cramps were the most severe I'd experienced at that point.

The last 10 minutes came and instead of being relieved and optimistic, I panicked more and became more adamant I wouldn't make it. I thought that even if I managed to, I'd have a sudden loss of control the moment I stood up from my seat. By the time the end of the lesson came, I was damp and I could smell the strong smell of piss on me. Thank god for black trousers. My bladder was throbbing at this point. Lo and behold, he kept us behind after the bell. "The bell doesn't dismiss you, I DO!". At that point I noticed the familiar feeling of numbness that usually acts as a calm before the storm. I was calmer yet more anxious at the same time because I wanted to get outside before it happened.

When we were eventually let out, I saw the cleaners in the toilets near the school entrance but I had already peed quite hard in my seat (not enough to leave a puddle or anything) so was set to just finish in my pants once I got some privacy. Luckily everyone else was half way home by the time we were allowed out. Unlike other accidents where you experience a crucial moment of loss of control or something, this accident was different. I walked down the road that was now empty because it was post-school-rush. I couldn't feel anything down there with the numbness that was still present and strong. I occasionally felt faint bits of relief and faint trickles, but nothing major, and it was hard to tell given my pants were already extremely around my crotch. I couldn't check properly because I was still in public and didn't even want to touch my pants too much, but I'm pretty sure I was faintly peeing whatever was left inside me while walking down this road.

To add to it, the weather was really sunny but also windy so my pants were pretty much drying instantly almost. When I got home I wanted to check myself properly, but my boxers had dried in pee all over them, which could have just been from the leaking in class. I couldn't really tell if I had to be honest but I knew I didn't need to go anymore but also that I was dry and not uncomfortable so I just stayed in my uniform at home to have my tea and play some videogames / do coursework etc.

Not quite sure why I went through that period, but at the time I was just a moody kid full of self pity and dismissed it as just my luck. Looking back, I probably indulged too much in omo and wore my bladder down a bit, reducing it's capabilities for a while. It eventually rectified itself.

Hope you enjoyed!

*005*2021-05-08 23:01

{{6 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

When we're in our teens, it's a good thing when our parents aren't home when we get home from school! It saves a lot of explaining.

}}

To be honest, I didn't know how to use a washing machine back then, and I would have raised suspicions if I did do a wash without telling my mum first. She was always on top of it, but was also very suffocating so would have immediately accused me of hiding something - which I guess she would have been right to lol

*006*2021-05-09 17:24

{{On 5/7/2021 at 9:42 PM, kilianj74 said:

I read both your stories - I thought they were really great and very creative. I tried to comment but as a newbie my replies are moderated for a couple of days and I have replied to a few threads so I hope you get this message at some point!

}}

I got your message today lol, I've uploaded the two stories again here, but shortened down and with less 'clutter' information. There's also a 3rd story which would have been my next upload. All future stories will be of my accidents as an adult, starting with the genuine accidents first, so stay tuned!

*008*2021-05-09 17:38

{{2 minutes ago, kilianj74 said:

Great, I look forwards to your future stories and have reread them. I did like your description in your second story about standing on the bridge as "the clouds wet themselves" - very poetic and got missed from the revised version! I will be writing up a couple of stories from my adult life and am working on a fiction - I've written two parts so far but am waiting to see if I get any comments before putting up the next bit.

}}

Thanks bro and nice, I'll have a read now. FYI I'm currently in the same black trousers we were talking about right now (after coming home from work) and I've been holding for a couple hours now. Getting beyond desperate...

*010*2021-05-09 18:00

{{15 minutes ago, kilianj74 said:

Surely not the same black pair you had as a teenager lol! Anyway they do say black goes with anything

}}

Lol not the 'exact same' then I guess

*011*2021-05-10 18:11

The Long Commute

One of the first adult accident stories I'll share with you all is one of the most memorable. It's a genuine accident that happened due to a long commute and getting out of work late, just as the building was being locked up. I'm also going to highlight the crucial sentences in this story, as a trial. I noticed somebody else here doing it and thought it was really helpful, especially if you end up waffling a bit like I do! Secondary information that can still be helpful will be highlighted in this colour.

I worked in a chaotic call centre, were we dressed in standard office clothes. For the guys, that was just trousers and a shirt. The only autonomy you had was what colour they were, but they had to be basic (pants: grey/blue/black/etc, shirt: white/blue/grey/etc). If you wore anything extra, like a tie or a smart jacket etc, they'd have strong words with you because you looked 'too fancy' or 'too smart' because that was reserved for management (or 'team leaders' and 'floor walkers' as they called them). You essentially had to remember your place and that you were easily replaceable etc. It wasn't a very good workplace and most of the group I joined the company with didn't last there long, myself included. We were also penalised for taking too long to resolve calls or taking a toilet break etc. I never ran in to any problems personally and was able to hold but others would complain about being given warnings etc.

My commute was the longest I've ever had, in any job. I was living on the outskirts of Liverpool at the time, with the city centre being at least a 50 minute bus ride or 20 minutes by train. The call centre job was based in Birkenhead, on one of the docks. That'd take another 20 minutes to get over the water from Liverpool to Birkenhead Town Centre, with a 30 minute walk from there to the workplace. Add traffic and late busses in to the mix, my commute is taking nearly 2.5hrs each way.

It's nearing the end of the late shift (10pm). I'm sitting there in my black pants, white shirt, black shoes. I take the last call of the night while the 10ish other guys pack up and go home. It's a straight forward call thankfully, but I have to read out a couple of scripts regarding terms and conditions which don't take me too long. It's about 10:10 and I can hear the cleaners getting impatient, shouting all over the place about how there's someone else in there and that I should hurry up.

They eventually put the hoover on before I had ended the call and once I was leaving they had the audacity to snarl and eye-roll at me! I knew I had to go but I thought "I don't care tbh I'll make it, I'll be fine". I have this arrogant self-confidence regarding my holding abilities tbh, because I usually make it, even if I'm bursting to go.

I walked half way to Birkenhead Town Centre in the dark and cold, with my dark black trousers and I was getting desperate at this point. I knew I could wee a little, as long as I kept it short, to avoid too much pain or leakage later in the journey. I knew I'd have to do it a while before getting to the town centre, so it wouldn't be so fresh and obvious when I got there - in case there were many others waiting at the bus stops. It would have been lit up, so although I was in black and should have been safe, you never know. I chose not too in the end, because I usually have to be beyond desperate to easily leak a little. It would have meant me surrendering my good hold on my bladder and forcing some out.

I got to the bus stops and waited unbearably long for the bus to come. Just any bus that would take me over the water, back to Liverpool. It must be about 10:45pm by now.

I wasn't the only commuter standing there, but being stationary meant that I was starting to struggle, and became unable to stand still. It was cold and now wet, so everybody was under the shelters, close to the bus stands. I was standing outside in the rain, with some people glaring at me in confusion at my choice. I was managing to keep it discrete, I believe, while I was pacing slowly and holding myself through my pocket, with my back to everyone. I was also pretending I was doing something on my phone. This is the point where I had my first dribble. It was a jet shot of hot piss that lasted maybe a second at the max.

The desperation subsided immediately. My bladder was satisfied for now, thankfully. I'd have been surprised if it wasn't tbh, because I've held it in a lot longer than that in the past. The bus eventually came and I boarded and took my seat to the back. I remember starting to feel the need again mildly as the bus rumbled through the tunnel under the Mersey, but it subsides once again when I get off on the other side.

Waiting for the second bus took forever, and proved difficult as feelings of desperation and pain retuned. I was beginning to struggle. Once it did come, I got on and sat myself right at the front of the top deck. The busses were rammed, for what would have been just past midnight. Other workers on their commutes, also with people out drinking returning home, the bus was pretty lively and actually full of annoying loud people from what I remember. That's not to say I've never been like that, and I love a good drink myself, but I keep to trains and taxis in those situations.

The problem I had was that I expected to be able to relax and calm myself down, regaining control of my throbbing bladder once I sat down on the bus. Unfortunately, some of our bus models have the seats too close together for tall guys like me (6ft 3in), so my legs were unavoidably spread out by the wall of the front of the bus. I was 'manspreading' basically, but I didn't have the space to squeeze my legs even remotely together, which I really needed to.

It felt like I was in this constant position of being ready to piss at any moment. Like I was posing with every intention to do that, except it was exactly the opposite, so I found myself trying twice as hard to hold it back. As the bus slowly rumbled on, my bladder was taking a pounding from not just the rattley bus, but the various pot holes.

It started getting very sore, and began to sting. Usually, the stinging in the final step before numbness for me, which then is followed by loss of control. Not a good sign. I have my hands in my pockets, praying for the bus to empty out but knowing full well that the drunks partying and screaming all over the bus will likely be on right up until the end of the journey. The only people who would be able to see acting suspiciously as I battle my pain would be the people to my right, on the other side of the front seats of the bus, plus any of the people in the immediate seats behind me.

At one point, I gave myself a quick pinch over the front of my pants - because just once is fine, as long as you're not making a habit of it, it doesn't look dodgy. It helped a bit, and bought me some time. I'm trying my best not to wriggle around in my seat but it's hard given the pain, plus the legs being spread apart and all the drama going on at the back of the bus. I remember thinking that I just wanted to let it out in to my black pants, but was cautious I'd draw attention to myself or leave a puddle or drip on the seat / floor.

For the entirety of this bus journey, it had been constant. I never did get any relief or grace from sitting down on the bus. If anything it just provided more obstacles and issues. As we got within 10 minutes of my stop, was resting my hands over my crotch, experiencing a small break from the desperation, before the next wave would come. I felt in relative control at that time and confident if it stayed the same, then I'd at least make it off the bus. I was happy to wet myself after getting off the bus and probably wouldn't have made it home anyway. But I wasn't there just yet.

During that calm, I failed to notice the reason I wasn't struggling so much was actually because I'd progressed from soreness and stinging to numbness. Sitting there with my hand still casually placed over my lap, I felt wetness soak through into my fingers. Just a leak, but one I had no notice of or control over. This is it. The beginning of the end. Thank god I'm getting close but I don't think I'm gonna make it. "Should I get off early and just walk the extra few stops home? I'm gonna wet myself anyway so it makes sense right?!" I think to myself.

I continue to hold until my stop, but at this point I'm genuinely scared and upset that I'm gonna piss myself in front of everyone. Even if they don't see it, they'll be able to hear it and see the puddle running all over the floor as the bus moves around. I've never been seriously upset about wetting myself before, even when I was a kid. This must be how people without our fetish feel every time they have an accident. I honestly felt more and more shame descending upon me as if I'd already done it, the closer I could feel it ready to burst out. I knew once it did, that it'd be an unstoppable force that I would have no control over.

My stop next, but we're stuck at a set of traffic lights. I choose now to get up and walk to the front of the bus, so that I don't sway everywhere by trying to get off as the bus is moving. I get up slowly, but have to sit back down immediately. I started peeing. I had no control over it or prior warning. I hope this doesn't mean I'm gonna lose control once I stand up. I just need to make it off the bus then I can piss my pants as much as I want. Nobody will be around to witness it. I try again and a tiny dribble leaks, but is controlled quickly. I make my way downstairs (in agony) and to the front of the bus.

It hits me that I'll have to stand there stationary as the bus travels along the road before slowly pulling in to the station and the doors eventually open. This scares a bolt of wee out of me. I can feel this one dribbling down my leg, so either my boxers are soaked by this point or there was just a lot of it this time. I stop it quickly but I don't fully recover. "HURRY TF UP" I scream internally. There's a road bump just in front of the bus stop, which look upon with anxiety as the bus gets closer to it. As anticipated, I pee even more upon impact. I'm standing above the front wheel after all, so you can imagine the impact that had on my failing bladder.

I don't recover from that, either. I'm starting to go as the bus pulls in to the stop and the doors swing open. Each second more and more breaks through. Moments before I finally alight, I'm doing it all and I have no control anymore. It's not gushing out, thankfully, but I can certainly feel the relief. It's very potent and fast, but once a bit of it shoots out, it stops and I've got it back under control. I was expecting a full accident there and then.

I just have maybe 2 minutes to walk to my home. That should be enough for me to hold it now I've leaked so much. I can smell the potent piss on me at this point. I carry on walking home, without any pain or struggle, confident I'll make it home. Forgetting my plans to just wet my pants walking home, I'm looking forward to using the toilet instead, because I've technically already pissed my pants enough for it to have turned me on and satisfied the fetish.

As soon as I walk through my gate, out of nowhere, it starts flowing. I can't help but sigh of relief. I closed the gate behind me as hot piss floods my boxers, spreading upwards as well as down my legs. It was roasting hot, which was great in the cold, dark night. I walk up the garden path towards the door, just letting it gush, slowly reaching for my keys and getting them ready to open the door once I'd finished off.

I'm standing there experiencing pure euphoria as the puddle spreads far and wide on the already wet concrete. Once it finished, I let myself in. The first thing I do is actually go to the kitchen, squelching through the living room first, to rehydrate myself with a bottle of water from the fridge. It's thirsty work being desperate. My pants felt so heavy. Since I was in the kitchen, I may as well have a relaxing ciggie (I smoked at the time), so stepped out in to the back garden so I could relax on the bench and take in what had just happened. By the time I'd finished my ciggie, I had wet again, this time sitting down. I couldn't help that one either, because it was so urgent I couldn't react in time and I just wet myself in my seat. I wasn't bothered ultimately and naturally found it all very exciting, but it was a genuine loss of control... yet again!

Anybody else would have said I was having a bit of a nightmare, and I'm sure if it wasn't for the fetish, I probably would have been beyond frustrated!

Anyway, hope you enjoyed!

*013*2021-05-10 20:41

{{1 hour ago, kilianj74 said:

Thanks for sharing this - it is such a hot story and I enjoyed it a lot! I'm out of reactions today so can't respond but will tomorrow The highlighting is pretty fun also, though it made me laugh how the amount of green progresses with the wetting, almost like a visual effect representing what you have released.

}}

To be honest I just stuck with WinXP colour scheme without even thinking of that lol

*016*2021-05-13 17:15

{{12 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Good to see this again!! Made me very hard!!

}}

XPee always aims to satisfy...

*017*2021-05-13 17:27

{{4 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

As you experienced, once you have held to the max, a second less-controllable release is bound to happen soon!

}}

Yeah, I remember as a kid, always thinking how odd it was. In school, I'd only ask to go during lessons if I genuinely didn't think I'd make it to the end, which naturally meant becoming seriously desperate in the first place. I remember always feeling as if I was naughty for needing the toilet again by the end of the lesson.

When I was relaxing, maybe playing out with friends or videogames, I'd get annoyed by needing to take a pee break, so would put it off until I really couldn't hold anymore. Then I'd need to go again within half an hour and I'd seriously be loathing myself and my bladder lol

