Little Wetting on a bike ride with a wet finish

Author: wetgarth

*000*2024-11-09 15:47

I haven't had chance to get out on my bike lately so was determined to get out this morning.

It's been mild but very dull and overcast weather here in the UK for he past week or so. However, this morning though, there had been a sprinkling of rain overnight but some blue sky peeping through for a change with a few heavier darker clouds here and there, so decided to get out.

Now, for those that follow any of my posts, you will know that wetting whilst out on my bike rides is often the main motivation for going out however, today I wasn't intending wetting, just a little bit of exercise and get some fresh air.

I rarely manage a whole ride without needing to pee at some point on the way. On my routes (for which I have a selection to choose from) I know all the more isolated spots where I can either nip behind a hedge for a pee or if riding in the right clothing, where I can wet myself without any danger of being seen and sufficiently out in the countryside so as not to meet anyone till my wet clothing is less obvious.

So today, as I stated, I set off, not intending a wetting. I was wearing grey boxer briefs under padded Lycra cycling shorts and my grey mountain bike trousers over the top.

As I got toward the furthest point of my ride, I could see that I was riding toward a dark cloud. I carried on riding as the sky got darker till eventually I was riding in a sort of misty drizzle. Not rain, just very wet air. I could feel my clothes, particular my trousers getting damp and as I looked down, sure enough I could see them darkening with the moist air. The cold was also exciting my bladder and right on queue, I felt the urge to pee growing.

Now there is a nice spot that I often stop at, roughly half way round. Not somewhere I stop to pee or wet myself because it's a lovely little spot with a bench facing a duck pond and a row of pretty cottages adjacent. So, like other times I stopped here to get off my bike and sit on the bench and take on some water. I also decided it would be wise to put on my high vis waterproof cycling jacket at this point.

As I sat there watching the ducks in the pond, my need to pee had become uncomfortable, and knew the next nearest bushes that were sufficiently hidden were quite a way away. I also knew I would last that far so decided to take a risk. I decided to see if I could let a few spurts out while I sat there. I say risk because, normally whenever I try to let a few spurts out, although I can stop myself, I usually end up letting it all flood out. So I sat there anxiously in full view of the cottages contemplating allowing spurts out into my pants and hoping I could maintain control.

Spurt 1 - very brief, couldn't even feel anything.

Spurt 2 - yes, I could definitely feel a little warmth in my pants but only allowed a little bit out. Not enough to even slightly have an effect on my need.

Spurt 3 a full on 3 sec burst that immediately flooded into my pants and could feel the warmth soaking into the padded shorts.

I paused here for a moment , struggling and conscious of my want/need to keep peeing. I regained control and waited for a minute, one to see if there was any visible wetness & two, so I could asses whether it had alleviated my immediate need for a pee.

I was pleased that it had in fact made a difference and my need had slightly subsided. Impressed with my new found control, I decided to let spurt No.4 out. A slightly longer spurt, not enough to cause dripping on the floor (which wouldn't have noticed on the wet ground anyway) but was sufficient to now make a noticeable wet spot if someone was looking in the right place. But importantly, I hadn't soaked myself and had relieved sufficient pressure to carry on and enjoy my ride.

As I rode the 12 or so miles back, I was able to enjoy the nice squishynes of the padding and the feeling of my wet underwear. The drizzle continued making my mountain bike trousers darker and wetter, totally disguising the the wet spot that I had created. I was confidently riding back through the high street knowing no one could tell what I had done.

The need to pee, though not painful, was still there so once safely back home and with the bike put away, I simply sat on a garden chair and released the full contents of my bladder into my pants. Immediately I could feel the warm wetness spread through the material of my pants and padded shorts which felt wonderful and a nice end to my ride.

Sorry that I didn't take and pictures. I wouldn't class myself as a particularly good writer and hope this isn't too long winded but just wanted to share my experience today.

*002*2024-11-09 18:31

{{14 minutes ago, GotaSecret said:

That's a nicely written story! Thank you for sharing

}}

Thank you, I consider that a massive compliment as I know I would never be able to get close to your standards

*003*2025-02-03 15:09

Well, I've done it again.

A cold but sunning morning so decided to get some fresh air and dust off the bike. I have being waiting for nice day for a while.

Though it was sunny, there was a cold easterly breeze so decided that I would put on some extra layers. For those interested ( an importantly for my enjoyment ) I wore grey boxer briefs under padded Lycra cycling shorts, some blue thermal leggings and finally my grey mtb trousers.

It wasn't a definite that these were going too get a soaking as my main intention was just to get out for some exercise but if the mood took me, I was suitably dress to maximise the enjoyment I thought.

So I set off on one of my regular routes, mostly tarmac narrow single track roads, not out in the wilds but sufficiently quiet to not be constantly meeting with other vehicles or people. It didn’t seem long into the ride that I felt the first urges for a pee, not too much so carried on to where I would usually stop for a few moments to take a drink of water. However as I rode to this point, I could feel the need to pee was getting very intense. I knew I would have to hold on as there was nowhere discrete enough to even stop at the road side and pee into a bush. Sitting on the saddle was becoming very uncomfortable but I knew if I lifted myself up, I was more likely to start leaking.

The point that I usually stop at is a bench on an old disused railway line that is now a cycle path. To reach this point there is a nice downhill section of road leading to the turn off to the track. The pressure on my bladder was now getting painful as I descended the road section and not needing to sit and pedal, I lifted my self up standing on the pedals. Without warning as I stood up I felt a spurt of pee shoot out warming my pants under all the layers. Conscious that letting out too much would be very visible on my grey trousers, I manage to quickly stem the flow and as I started pedalling again could feel the warm wetness at the top of my legs and in the padding of my cycle shorts. Shortly after, I was at the turn off to the track which was a short but steep muddy climb to the top of the railway embankment onto the old line bed.

Stopping at the bench at the top I quickly dismounted my bike, laying it down on the grass and started to remove my back back so that I could get my drink and attend to my pressing need to pee. I didn’t want to fully pee in my pants as I knew that it would be obvious but was content to let a few more warm spurts into my pants and soaking into the under layer before pulling my pants down at the front to relieve the rest into the bushes. Those initial warm spurts soaking into the layers felt fabulous.

Pulling my pants back up ( my grey boxer briefs show significant wetness all around) and subsequent layers I could feel and enjoy the wetness but on looking down and inspecting, there was definitely now a darkened patch on my mountain bike trousers where it was in contact with the wet under layers. No one was around so sat there for a few minutes taking on plenty of water and enjoying the feeling of wetness.

Time to move on and head home, I hopped back on my bike and did a quick re-check on the of the dark patch and how noticeable it might be before decided which way to return. It wasn’t too bad and certainly would not be obvious whilst I was riding past people so continued on my planned route the remaining 12 miles or so home. It felt wonderful to be back out on my bike again and more so the warm wetness of my padded cycle shorts on the saddle as I rode.

Along the way I could feel my bladder refilling and once at home, I entered the back garden and proceeded to put the bike away. I was definitely I need of another pee. So I made myself a mug of coffee then simply sat on one of the garden chairs but this time, let it all flow into my pants soaking through all the layers making them feel wonderfully warm and wet as it soaked around me. Interestingly there was barely a puddle under the chair as it was nearly all soaked up within all the layers of clothing. I sat there for a good few minutes just enjoying the feeling. As I stood up I could feel the additional weight of my clothing as it clung to me before striping off in the untiliy room and putting my gear in the wash before going for a refreshing shower and clean-up.

I do enjoy my bike rides !

(picture was when I got back before I sat and gave them a proper soaking)

&&

*004*2025-02-17 13:27

Today I got chance to get out on my bike again. 1st time in a while and feeling very unfit so my plan was a short ride close to home. My motivation was simple - to sneakily wet myself at some point on the ride and enjoy riding in wet cycling shorts again.

My plans were thwarted and didn't turn out as I wanted. I hadn't realised it was school half term here this week so there were loads of people & families along all the local trails which meant it would be very inappropriate. I couldn't even sneak behind a bush to pee normally.

This left me with no choice but to keep holding until I got home and was getting pretty desperate by the time i got back.

Once I put the bike away in the garage, I simply stood at the back door and let it all flood out in my cycling shorts. The relief was pure bliss accompanied by that lovely warm feeling spreading through my pants.

So another wet ending to a bike ride - now for a shower, rinse them through in the shower and clean up.

Bike shorts.mp4

