Tips for locking up your pants?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2025-03-23 23:38

Any tips or suggestions for locking up your pants from anyone that's done it? Ie where to put the lock/what type of lock, or scenarios you've tried with this.

I was inspired by @Paillecia

's thread today, and this is also something I've seen several other people on this site experiment with. I'd like to try it sometime - the thought of confining yourself to the inevitability of an accident, especially with ample time and fluid intake to make it a certainty, is really hot to me.

*002*2025-03-23 23:53

{{2 minutes ago, my_pee_anon said:

I've tried this! A scenario I really like is putting the key to a small padlock in my bathroom at home, and then drinking while I'm out somewhere within a manageable distance away. That way, even if I pass a hundred loos on my journey back, there's only one I'm actually able to use!

Bonus points for being at a distance where transport is involved, like needing to take a bus or a train. (You'd best hope they aren't delayed!)

In terms of logistics, many pairs of jeans with a zipper fly have a small hole at the end of the zip pull. If you wear a belt, you can loop a padlock through the buckle and that hole in the zip to make it impossible to remove your jeans without first removing the lock. With a small enough padlock, it's possible to hide the lock within the material of the fly or behind the belt, so no-one knows it's there (unless you want them to)!

}}

Ooh I like this idea! though I like the idea of the lock being on my pants (so I'm forced to wet) more than a bathroom being available. where do you get a lock small enough to go through the zipper hole??

I'm female though, so a lock through the belt of my jeans should work fine too as I can't pee anyway without pulling them down. would just need to be possible to conceal under a shirt etc.

*004*2025-03-23 23:59

{{1 minute ago, my_pee_anon said:

I managed to find a small enough lock in a pound store. I don't think it would hold up well to an experienced lock picker but it's good enough for fooling around, and besides, who can pick a lock when they really need to pee? 😉

Alternatively, if you have a slightly bigger lock, you can extend the zipper hole on your jeans with a small cable tie. Just loop it through, and pull it tight once you've locked the lock. This has the added bonus of putting lots of pressure on your bladder.

}}

Ooh i love rthe cable ties for added pressure idea! what scenarios if any have you tried these in?

*018*2025-04-25 21:29

{{On 4/9/2025 at 11:20 AM, NL Boby said:

Run a light chain through all the belt loops, starting and finishing above the zipper. Run the padlock through the hole in the closed zipper and through a pair of chain loops after pulling them nice and close together....

The snug jeans can't be pulled down without the key, they have to accept that wetting their jeans will happen! Do they want to get desperate holding on or just relax, accept the inevitable and wet their jeans without all the stress?

Did this with my wife when introducing her to jeans wetting herself by combining it with her BDSM kink. I refused to unlock her after a couple of requests, soon she stood right in front of me as she totally wet her jeans!

}}

Wow I love this! I'm a big fan of setting up conditions for inevitable wetting, and surrendering to the helpless loss of control. Always fun

&&

