Desperate Car Ride for Work

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2021-02-22 21:30

Hey guys! I have been reading posts on this site for a long time but now finally decided to make an account to start contributing my stories. Hopefully they are pretty good!

So this happened pre-covid. At my job I had to travel to another town about 90 mins away for work on a weekend. Not my normal commute but I had to go offsite on a Saturday for a couple weeks. I got money for gas and overtime working a weekend which was very nice! Well its a 90 min drive. No big deal right? Well I will fast forward to near the end of the drive. I have 15 mins to go and holy crap I need to pee! Like really badly. I had no idea why it was so bad, I peed before I left like a normal person and I only had half of an ice coffee that I sipped on the way here, no way I should have to go so bad. I see there is an exit up ahead for a gas station. I really really really wanted to pull over to pee! But I couldnt get over the fact that I was SO close to my destination.

I didnt want to give in already. Whats 15 mins? Even tho I had my hand jammed into my crotch I decided to pass it up because I was embarrassed about having to pull over so close to the end. That was my last chance before I got to the exit I needed. And my bladder HATED me for that. My urge to pee increased 10000000% after I passed it up. I was lowkey getting scared. My mind was racing. I kept thinking "omg why why did i do that, I cant make it." . 

The pressure and urge was INSANE! My mind kept thinking about what if I have an accident? I mean I cant tell them that! I cant show up in wet clothes! wtf will I tell them!?!? And I just got this [new to me] car! I cant ruin the seat already! plus iv NEVER had an actual accident in my life. there was less than 15 mins left and I was worried I wouldnt make it. Thats how bad my urge was. Then all of a sudden I just thought "NO, I WILL MAKE IT! YOUR A GROWN ASS (27) WOMAN!!! YOUR A PROFESSIONAL WITH A BIG GIRL JOB ACT LIKE IT! YOUR GONNA GROW UP AND HOLD IT!"

Honestly talking to myself like that when I need to pee helped!! I ended up making it to the location!! I parked and ran inside, nobody was in the lobby THANK GOD because I nearly sprinted right into the bathroom. When I finally sat down I thought I found heaven. ngl it felt like an explosion of pee and I sat there for over a minute just going and going!! Im so glad I stayed 100% dry haha.

And of course after 4 hours of working on the site I didnt once feel any urge to pee and only went before I left for the 90 min drive home. Which was uneventful. Go figure. My bladder can be annoying haha!

Feel free to ask about anything, happy to fill in any details!

*002*2021-02-26 01:11

{{2 hours ago, Adrian6970wc said:

Thanks for that. Here in the UK a 90 minute drive would be considered a pretty significant commute. Glad you made it to a toilet, if only just in the nick of time though. You must have been absolutely frantic.

}}

Thanks for responding! I was beginning to think nobody liked my story haha!!

Yes it was a pretty long drive but luckily I only had to do it once a week for a couple weeks. The OT and gas refunds were worth it tho.

I HATE people knowing when I have to go really really bad so I wasn't in too bad of a state but I sure made a beeline for the bathroom. Which would have been really embarrassing if somebody was in the lobby >.<

