New year`s eve new embarrassment

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-01-02 15:15

I started the New year the most embarrassed I've ever been!

A group of us from work including my sort-of-boyfriend bought tickets for the New Year's celebrations in London, we were lucky enough to get Blue Zone tickets so right opposite the London Eye.

We met at a nearby pub and I had a couple of pints of lager and then drank the cans I'd bought with me as we made our way to the viewing area.

By 11:30 I was desperate for a pee so in my drunken wisdom I decided to just go in my jeans, the long coat I got for Christmas would hide any evidence!

As midnight approached my legs were getting cold and clammy so I wet myself again.

The new year was seen in by a passionate kiss with my sort-of-boyfriend and another wetting as the fireworks ended.

As we were making our way out of the viewing area one of our friends, Amanda invited us back to hers for some champagne.

My sort-of- boyfriend accepted on our behalf before I could stop him, I whispered to him that if we went I'd have to keep my long coat on as my jeans were drenched (he knows about my fetish but doesn't participate).

I'll never forget the look of terror on his face "Katy, you aren't wearing your long coat, you changed it for a jacket at the last minute'

I looked down in horror and saw the wet patch clearly outlined on my pale jeans. I remember feeling my cheeks burning up and a couple of tears of shame escaping.

At that moment, a couple of others in our group also noticed my soggy state.

Fortunately they were all very kind and discreet and accepted my excuse of a spilled beer at face value (that totally wets you from crotch to ankles doesn't it!).

We went back to Amanda's where she let me use her shower (to rinse the beer off!) and lent me some dry trousers and knickers.

I'm really not looking forward to work on Monday and having to face them all.

I'm sure they all know I wet myself, I just hope they think it was a drunken accident.

&&

*012*2025-01-04 08:57

@surgif

My socks and shoes were flooded.

I subtly removed my socks when we got to Amanda's to try and hide exactly how wet I was!

*019*2025-01-06 13:15

I've just popped out of the office for lunch so thought I'd give you a quick update.

I've had a couple of joking "bet you felt rough on New Year's day" type comments.

I did have an awkward conversation with one of the older ladies from HR who had been part of our group, she asked how my mental and physical health was, how my relationship with alcohol was and if I wanted help to stop drinking!

I'm guessing she realised I'd pissed myself on New Year's Eve and thought it was due to alcohol.

I explained that I didn't drink very often and sometimes when mixed with my medication it can have odd side effects!

*024*2025-02-03 11:13

A last minute change of jacket, a few beers and an ADHD diagnosis conspired against me.

If I'm honest the ADHD has probably contributed to a few accidents particularly when I've been at home a few metres from the loo!

