Wet myself in front of my mate - first time wetting in front of others!

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2023-07-31 23:57

Just some context: I have been indulging in almost completely constant omo-based fun for about 3-4 days now, which is the longest I've ever gone at one time. I'm at the point now of withdrawing from wettings for a few days as it's becoming a health concern to me. I've spent the past 2 days suffering from a negative shift in bladder habits. More specifically, I've started experiencing sudden abrupt bladder cramps that often cause my body to start gushing my piss out rapidly on the spot. If I fight it, I'll be successful for a little while, but it'll be excruciating and relentless in the meantime. As my bladder habits have shifted drastically, it's become extremely volatile and increasingly hard to judge when holding. You'll need to bear this in mind to know fully the state of my bladder at this time.

Intro

I just wet myself in front of somebody I know for the first time - and yes, they knew what I'd done!

Up until today I'd only ever wet myself publicly on extremely rare occasions, when I knew I'd get away with it without being noticed. That changed today when I accepted a mates invitation to go on a travel with him to a shop that's about an hour away on public transport.

With my bladders condition in mind, I knew leaving the house would be a potential disaster, but that just excited me. En-route to the department store we were visiting, I had a case of extreme desperation ending in a sweet release in public urinal, followed by a failed hold on the way home resulting in a full blown wetting in the presence of a mate. Let's begin.

Extreme Desperation

First, enjoy this story of extreme desperation, on my way to the department store.

It's about 4pm and I'm sitting at home flicking through Tik Tok when I get a call from a mate. This mate and I like to go on little and large 'excursions' to distant places by public transport. We'll often ring one another up and if the other person is off work, we'll say "fancy going to this place? I've got to pick something up from there" or something like that. The locations aren't that far geographically, usually no more than 30 mins away in a car, but always well over an hour away by bus / public transport. One of us will learn to drive one day, hopefully...

So yeah, he rings me telling me he needs to go to a specific branch of a departments store in the outskirts of Liverpool (the city we both live in, but nowhere near this department store), so I happily oblige. I know what my current bladder situation is like, but that just excites me. I mention immediately on the phone that I'm wearing formal clothes because my iron is broke and I'm waiting for a new one to arrive from Amazon. He just laughs it off, but I was actually sitting there in jeans and a t-shirt. I have a fetish for formal clothes though, so I immediately had this idea to through together my some things from my formal wardrobe and wear them out-and-about, maybe even have some omo fun.

So I go upstairs, spend about 30 mins while I wait for my mate to meet my at my place and settle on a white office shirt buttoned right up (but with no tie) and tucked in to tightly fitting cheap black formal trousers, finished off with cheap black leather shoes and black single-buttoned boxers and socks. I put a black North Face fleece over it, knowing it'd rained intermittently through the day and was highly likely to continue doing so. Pretty sure the whole outfit was from ASDA or Tesco's business / formalwear section.

My mate turns up and I finish off a can of Coke I'd been swigging at while dressing up. The aim is to fill my bladder up again to trigger some desperation and maybe wetting moments. I'm definitely more confident knowing I have a friend that I can just laugh it off with. Any embarrassment and judgement from others feels irrelevant to me, I notice. I grab another couple cans of Coke for both of us and we head out after 10 minutes staying in and catching up. I know the can will have detrimental effects on my bladder, which will need zero encouragement to get to critical level abruptly within a relatively short space of time, thanks to my omo indulgences.

We get to the bus stop and I get excited. I'm really doing this. I've decided in my mind that I'll work to the provisional plan of nearly having an accident on the way, followed by a potential wetting in front of my mate on the way back to mine - but I'll keep an open mind and see how things go.

We stand at the bus stop making small talk while I feel the first painful cramps descend upon my body. My weak bladder is now used to it but is still suffering as it sends trembles down the back of my legs. I see a bus coming, to my relief. "Oh good I can sit down" I say while alerting my mate to the approaching bus. "I swear I have a water infection or something, lad". He clocks the bus and double takes back to me saying "why? d'ya keep pissin yerself?". "Yeah!" I laugh, "Not full pissin meself or anythin but since last night I keep nearly doin it every hour or so" I exclaim, laughing it off as the bus pulls up. David laughs - he finds it hilarious. I don't think I've ever mentioned anything like that to him before.

We sit down on the bus and I expect my cramps to subside somewhat, but they don't. I immediately grip myself (probably in full view of others on the bus, but it's normal for lads to do that in Liverpool so even though I usually don't I'm taking advantage of it now) and give it a good squeeze in view of David. He laughs again and seems to be excited by the idea of me needing to piss badly. I keep stating "aghh I'm gonna piss meself lad" / "pretty sure I'm gonna end up pissing myself on this bus yenno"

"Any minute now lad, I swear" as I fight these horrendous cramps.

The driver doesn't seem to be in any rush either, as he crawls down the road stopping at every opportunity and sitting off at bus stops for ages when there's nobody getting on or off. Dave realised this and pointed it out to me, again finding the whole thing funny as he taunted me by trying to make me think of water-based things like waterfalls and the torrential rain going on outside the bus, along with the large puddles it caused and the enormous splashes they made when we drove through them. I told him that's not something that really has an affect on me to be fair, which he was annoyed by. He promptly resulted in physical pressures, like occasionally poking and prodding playfully. Honestly, I was getting pretty excited with it all.

I spent the majority of that journey sitting there, squashed against the window by a 'man-spreading' David, legs squashed tightly together (out of desperation as well as the subsequent limited available space of Dave's sitting choices) with enough space for my hand to be jammed in between them, firmly squashing down in to me crotch and specifically my nob to soothe the sense of an impending loss of control. Not to mention the regular winces of pain I exclaimed in agony, and the bulging bladder that made me look like I was pregnant. 5 minutes left of the journey and I was convinced there was no way I was going to make it. The short walk from the bus stop to the front of the shop alone was enough for me to doubt it, not to mention we'd spent the last 10 minutes crawling along one of the busiest roads in Liverpool during rush hour - and still had to do so for a little bit longer. That 5 minutes was likely to be at least 10! It was, in the end, and I'm surprised I made it.

We jump off the bus after what felt like an age to pull up to the stop and open the doors. We began essentially power-walking from the bus stop, down an alley (which I'd been advised by Dave I could've urinated down, if it wasn't for the pot-smoking teenagers dwelling around), and then through the large car park separating the alley from the front doors of the department store. I weed a bit at the start of the car park, waiting for traffic to pass through the zebra crossing. Dave went to walk which caused the car that was already passing before we got there to emergency stop, while I instinctively tried to alert Dave and pull him back, which subsequently caused the breach in my underwear in the panic of it all.

Luckily it stopped there because I had ZERO control lol

We carried on after the disgruntled driver sarcastically and begrudgingly let us both pass. I joked to David that he just made me wee a little and that he owed me new bills (Scouse for underwear). He laughed almost hysterically again, exclaiming "YES!" at the idea that he made me pee myself - even a bit lol We spent the rest of the walk through the car park joking about the toilets being out of order or closed off or something. I was laughing and joining in but getting scared a bit because the dream of approaching the urinals in this department store was the one thing that got me this far in the journey without having an accident on the bus.

He asked me what I'd even do if they were closed and immediately declared "I'd just piss myself lad. Right there and then - not even assed, they can ban me if they want to I wouldn't care". The more I went on with that statement the more he was almost pissing himself laughing. Literally - he was pinching his dick through his sports shorts and pulling at the bottom of his polo shirt (I think it was the type you wear for golf) while saying "I think I need a piss too" in between the laughing and repeating what I'd just said. The thing is, at the time I really meant it - I had every intention of doing that, the pains were so long-endured and exhaustingly painful, I knew it'd be the piss of my life.

So we get through the doors of the department store. My crotch feels freshly wet from the jet shot leak from the near road-traffic-accident Dave almost got himself in to. I'd felt it dribble out more as we walked and talked through the car park to the front doors. I knew where the toilets were and we both walked over to them. Dave waited outside. I could feel the sweet release ready to come and the excitement was mounting up FAST. "I made it. I finally made it!" I thought as I enter the men's toilets.

I walk through the door and see the urinals, locking immediately on to one of them. The sweet feeling of relief and the subsequent excitement was unbelievable - I'm surprised I never started pissing my pants right there and then. I get up to it, pull my zipper down slowly, reach in and unbutton my black boxers, feeling the wetness from the dribble in the car park (probably dribbled a bit without realising on the bus too) and wiped it out and had my longest jet shot piss I've had in the past 2-3 days.

Once I finished, I knew from experience that I'd most probably need to have a second piss not long afterwards, given how much and how long I'd held this time, let alone the state of my bladder anyway. I packed my dick away, buttoned and zipped it tight, washed my hands and took a deep breath in the mirror and unbuttoned my top shirt button to relieve a bit of pressure, taking another sigh of relief. I planned to return before leaving the store for that second piss I was adamant I'd need before long.

I knew it usually was more difficult in the past to hold the 'second piss' in during a normal day, and feared that if it was to happen now while my bladder is stressed out from the omo-fun I've been having, that I'd probably just involuntarily start wetting myself on the spot. Now that I had 'went', I was less keen on just pissing myself in the middle of the store than I was 5 minutes earlier when I was claiming I'd do it if I had one more obstacle get in my way. I guess we can call that post-piss clarity?

Well, we hung around in the shop while he did what he came here to do, and then we bought drinks from the fridges and left the store. He had mentioned at the self service checkouts that he felt like it was "his turn to piss" but when I asked Dave on the way out if he wanted to go before we left, he laughed "nah I'm a grown adult who can hold it" - we're both the same age btw lol. Plus, he's always pissing publicly on trees and in the street, in full view of others usually, much to my embarrassment.

I felt the need creeping back on me so would have gone with him but given that he declined, I decided I'd just hold it and if I wet myself then I didn't care because we were now technically on the journey home. I did actually say that to him but that's for the next part of the story. As always, I've tried to condense as much as possible but I do love to ramble on haha. I'll post the wetting instalment tomorrow morning before work!

*001*2023-08-01 02:32

Now for the wetting accident.

We leave the department store and head first to one of the cash machines outside. That's when I first feel the cramps again. I could have turned around and walked back inside and marched myself back to that very same urinal I'd used not 20 minutes before - but who can be arsed doing that when you've already left the building?

Well, I should learn my lesson as all the times I wet myself on the way home from work, college or school, I can guarantee most of those times I had the serious warning signs while I was on my way out and still in a position to turn around and do something about it. I always chose not to and today was no different - even the outcome was the same, but I'd 100% still do it again tomorrow, out of stubbornness rather than fetish tbh

We walk through the car park and back on to that alley with the kids smoking weed. We joke about asking them for some as the conversation has reverted back to our usual chatter, now that the bladder problems are forgotten... for him at least. For me, I can feel the sharks circling in my bladder and the weight is building. Surely not again so soon. We cross the dual-carriageway main road on to the other side where our bus will stop. There's a couple women at the bus stop and I know I'm probably best placed behind the bus stop, where there's enough space to stand and a bit of privacy for me to pee if I need to - or at least grip myself with only David seeing.

"These busses only take 10 mins to come on this road" I tell him. I'm more familiar with this end of Liverpool than him and those buses we're getting are the same I spent the first 20 years of my life riding to get to the city centre and back. To be honest, I was probably trying to convince myself more than him that the wait wasn't going to be too long. The bus ended up taking 25 minutes. Twenty-five loooooong excruciating minutes. Plenty of time for me to go from occasional fidgeting to barely able to pull my hand away from my crotch.

Dave was messing around with the low-hanging branches of the tree from the property behind the bus stop. He pulled off a large branch from the tree and began poking the other branches with is so the rain would fall off the leaves on to me. Then he'd poke me in the dick with the branch when I'd look away or try to shove it up my arse lol. I found it funny but was starting to get a bit short tempered at times. I knew this time it wasn't just likelihood, but a case of high probability that I piss my pants - and it would be more spontaneous and sudden, too. There would be no leaks, just one sudden gush, as was my previous experiences with 'second pisses' that follow urgent, desperate, long-held initial wees.

I felt his shenanigans may prove fatal for my bladder and did not want the prospect of not being allowed on to a bus so far from home. At least if I wet myself on the bus I'd be able to hide it and stay on until I got home, I thought.

3-4 buses came that were not the one we needed. Every time I saw one on the horizon, I'd get excited, then let down. The letting down bit would always cause such a deflation that I'd end up having to grip my member especially hard to prevent sudden-death in the street of this busy dual-carriageway. The excitement I got when the bus did eventually come through the horizon was enough to cause an abrupt gush of warmth. For a leak, it did a fair bit of damage to my boxers and the crotch of my trousers. Lucky I still had black trousers on ey.

Once we got on the bus, there was only a small number of people boarded. We sat together and I said to David straight "there's no way I'm making this by the way. You might want to sit in front (where there was an empty could of seats)". His response was "don't be silly, are you actually just gonna wet yourself now we're on the bus". I noticed he David seemed a lot less comedic and happy about the prospect of me losing control of myself than when we were on our way to the destination, compared to now when we're on our way back to mine.

Of course, I replied "nah I'm not just gonna wet myself lad, I'm warning you that I can tell I'm not making it back and that's a fact. I've told you before, haven't I, that I've pissed me kecks (scally for trousers) and these pains I'm getting - I've only ever had them when I've went on to piss meself".

"What do you mean pains?" he enquires.

"Bladder cramps that I've only ever got when I end up having one of my accidents" I explain.

We both laugh that off and he doesn't enquire further.

The bus gets further away from where we'd been, but still nowhere near my home towns main bus station. We'll have to get off there and get another bus to my ends of the town as there was no direct bus route from where we were to where I live. When I remembered this, we were still rumbling on down this enormous road with millions of pot holes and bumps. It was the same road I'd struggled to contain myself on the most during the whole journey to the department store. I was genuinely scared I'd wet myself this time, but was actually happy and ready for it.

As far as I was concerned, this was part of the plan I'd thought of when we left my place, walking to the bus stop. I did actually say to David that I'd be alright with pissing myself if it came to it because I'm on my way home anyway and my trousers are black so you probably wouldn't even be able to tell to look at them. He agreed but then asked me if that meant I was going to just wet myself on purpose.

This was the second time he'd asked that and while my first response was to reiterate what I'd said the first time, I decided it'd be quicker to just say "Yes if it gets any more painful, which it will." He seemed surprised and from that moment on I kept catching him looking down at my pants to see if he could see me doing it. I never called him on it because I felt like my bladder was so volatile that I could just go at any minute and I'd not be able to intervene. It honestly felt so volatile that I could just lose control in a nanosecond, like I was waiting for it to happen.

The pain of going over pot holes and though road diversions was making me genuinely want to cry. I'm not really a crier and I did say I wanted to wet myself and wouldn't be phased if I did (and I stuck to that), but I didn't want to just let it go. I wanted to do it in the street the more I thought about it.

We got close to this bus station where we'd have to alight and change buses. I didn't want to wet myself at the bus station which I knew if I had to stand up and wait like 40 minutes for a bus (the service is absolutely shite in my part of Liverpool after 5pm) then my bladder wouldn't be able to cope and I'd probably be in so much pain I'd do it willingly.

Before we got to the bus station I said to David "we don't need to get off there, this bus we're on goes half the way home and I'm not making it anyway, I've practically started in the last 5 minutes to be honest lad, so we can get off at (bus stop location) and walk the last 10 - 15 minutes because I'm just gonna wee myself anyway". He seemed a bit vacant like I had just talked too fast for him to comprehend what I'd just said. I repeated it slower, this time feeling a spurt of hot piss in my trousers and i could tell this was the entire piss trying to burst out.

When I re-iterated the bit about how I've basically already started wetting myself, I pulled my hands away from my trousers, making a glistening spot visible for him to see. He clocked it and immediately looked away exclaiming "ohhh ffs lad" while putting his head in his hands. "I knooow lad, not long now I'm tellin ye. Might not even make it to the stop and it's only over there" I said, gesturing down the road. This was as we were pulling in to this bus station I mentioned. I could see immediately that there were absolutely no buses in the rest area so we'd likely have to wait ages for one to come along, sit off in the rest area for at least 5 minutes then stroll out at snails pace to start a new journey back in the opposite direction they'd come from.

"No chance" I thought. The bus went to pull up to the stop but nobody was waiting to board or disembark, so the driver carried on and drove towards the end of the bus station to leave it and carry on the route to the neighbourhood it terminated at. While driving through the station, we both observed the people waiting at various stops and I was glad I wasn't going to be standing with those people and inevitably having an accident in their presence. I realised I was grateful that I was going to have an accident in relative privacy, meaning that logically, I must have got to that point where you accept you're definitely going to have one.

I'd accepted that much earlier, as soon as we boarded the bus, back at the department store - and even then it felt very immanent - but now it felt like it was going to be any second. We had only 2 or 3 stops up one long road from the bus station before we alighted. I felt that I would wet myself as soon as I stepped off the bus, in the street, and that was okay as long as I didn't lose control of myself immediately upon standing up, or while I was stood at the front waiting for the bus to pull up to the stop.

I told Dave this was our stop and he pressed the bell and walked to the front. I slowly pulled myself off the seats we were sat in at snails pace but then realised I was ready to wet myself anyway so act normal and if I wet myself I wet myself, as long as I hold it back until I jumped off - then I can piss all I want.

I dribble roasting hot piss as I stand at the front of the bus. Acting normal, forgetting my inhibitions for a second, definitely did the trick in triggering the flow - but so did my determination to hold it back for a minute. I had my index finger and my thumb pinching what felt like a swollen dick through the inside of my trouser pockets. Once that bus stopped and those doors opened, I felt a lil more escape and I jumped off the bus care-free, expecting that to be the final nail in the coffin.

And then... nothing. Not one thing. Not so much as a dribble.

I brush it off, exclaiming "any minute now lad I swear it's gonna be any minute now". David's fiddling with his wallet and phone and is like "wait there a minute lad I'm just sorting this out". I'm stood there whining and wincing, telling him to hurry up. I start walking to avoid it from happening as the moment of acceptance has passed and the busy road has put me off. I cross the road and I'm thinking how excited I am to have this accident involuntarily in front of my mate. This is going to be an absolute first for me! I'd done a few wettings in public - loads when I first got in to it years ago! but never in another persons presence.

Then we passed an alleyway. "FUCK" I thought, "I have no excuse now". As expected / feared, Dave pointed out that it would be the perfect spot and that all my prayers had basically been answered. "how the fuck am I gonna get out of this one?" I wondered. I tried to just piss my pants on the spot - nothing happened. I just acted all 'undecided'. "I dunno man this road here is still pretty busy what if someone comes off it down here" I say. By this point, Dave's already walked half way down it and pissed on a fence. "AAAAHHHH WHAT A NICE PISS THIS IS (my name)", trying to convince me to do something I'd not give 2 shits about in that amount of pain on an ordinary day - but I'd got my heart set on pissing myself dammit! I had to act piss shy - which I was once but not these days.

So I just carried on walking. I had a small bottle of Tropicana that I'd bought from the department store before we left. I had drank bits here and there on the bus but honestly I'd not had the opportunity with being doubled-over in pain with my hands jammed in to my pants all the way home. I chugged this orange juice knowing I'd probably burst in about 5 - 10 mins time afterwards. Then I waited for that to happen while walking down the street in excruciating pain. I wasn't able to stand up or walk straight. My mate was laughing to himself, imitating my walk.

I walk past a local dental surgery. It's just 2 blocks away from my place. David's been looking for a dental surgery, so of course we have to stop and read it. It's my local one so I tell him I've got the number anyway I'll give it to him when we get home if he kept walking. He's a bit vacant at the best of times - he'd get all discombobulated and lost if I was to simply walk ahead down the street and let him catch up with me. So, I stopped - and the piss started. Warm wee sprayed through my boxers and down my legs while he stood there slowly reading the promotional banner on the front of the dental practice.

I turned around so he didn't see it and started walking anyway. I looked back to see if he was stil there and he was right behind me but was oblivious. I realised I could have just let go right there and then and it would've been amazing. I'm not really sure why I didn't - human instinct to fight an accident maybe?

I get to the final block before mine and I'd spent the last 2 minutes continuously moaning and joking with Dave about how's it's starting to happen. That's because it was. Then it forces its way out. I'm ready to just let it go at this point but of course somebody has to be approaching. 2 seperate people, in fact. I'd just noticed too that the glisten of the freshly emerging piss was more visible that I'd have liked. David sees it and he laughs it off again, making comments loudly about me pissing myself for the passers-by to hear. I felt ashamed, but I laughed it off.

I get to my street and more hot piss shoots out. Just a single jet shot, but with the power to be the full piss if I didn't hold back. We walk up to my front door with David shouting all over the street "have you pissed yourself yet then (name). "Shut the fuck up" I say. "That's not very nice is it!" he responds. I get to the front door ready to wet myself and consider pretending to fumble my keys around to trigger a doorstep wetting - but that wasn't playing out naturally and I didn't want to force it. I get in just fine, albeit with a VERY damp crotch. I faff about for about 10 seconds as that can trigger an accident for me when I'm bursting and it starts the flow.

I run upstairs claiming to be wetting myself and David's like "well I'm going for a piss in the garden, then", so I keep running towards the bathroom when unstoppable warmth finally hits my boxers and trousers. I get in to the bathroom and I'm bent down trying to get my smart shoes off so I don't flood them, meanwhile hot urine has started pouring gradually down my legs. I get them off and stand in to the bathroom moving things off the floor, knowing it's about to get flooded from end to end. With one hand jammed in to my crotch, I accept my fate as I feel roasting hot piss spraying in to my pants.

The loud hiss was actually the final straw for me. I knew it was too late and I stood there, near the bowl of the toilet, soaking my pants. I'd already started, had vowed to wet myself and didn't really fancy sticking my fingers in to my trousers to whip my meat out. At least not while all the hot piss was spraying violently around there - I'd just get more on my hands!

Hot potent pent-up piss puddled at my feet and it was the longest piss of the last few days, beating the last piss beforehand, in the department store men's toilets.

I finished and went down to admit it to my mate. He'd come back from having his own piss in the back garden and I walked through in my pissy office clothes all still in-tact and all still looking on the face of it as clean and tidy. The wee had not travelled upwards so my shirt was dry. My trousers were absolutely flooded and drenched right through but appeared dry. I walked through the lounge in to the kitchen to prepare a mop bucket, while announcing what I'd done.

He didn't really seem phased or bothered, only commenting "ohh well I guess, happens to the best of us as they say".

I went up to mop the bathroom floor up while also ironing some pyjamas to get in to. My mate would probably not stay much longer anyway and he didn't - but did want me to accompany him to a nearby corner shop before heading to the bus stop - so I pulled off another black pair of trousers, white shirt and wore it the same way I wore the identical clothes I'd worn and soaked just beforehand. I pretended they were the same clothes and threw a rain jacket on and went out with him as time was limited before his hourly bus arrived at a nearby stop. I waited for him for ages at the corner shop as there was a large queue - to my delight. I was ready to go again and while the whole thing of walking to the shop then running to catch the bus was only supposed to be a 15 minute job, it took an hour and a half by the time I got home again.

There was a lot of walking between bus stops after that long wait at the shop. This is because there was 2 separate busses he could get home, but the service is so terrible none were on time.

The cramps were back for one final time and boy they were just as ferocious as the last time. I squirmed and squirmed while trying to keep a level head and sat at the various bus stops with him while he waited. Anybody else would have just said "Sorry I'm going home I'm about to have an accident" and any normal local lad would have said "watch my back while is piss on this bus stop" but I chose to stay as a good friend and citizen...

We travelled back to another stop again and stood there for at least 10 minutes and I did not stand stationary for 1 second once we got there. I was all backed up ready for an accident and I'd decided to head back to the previous bus stop to just let it all go. Eventually his bus came, about 15 mins later than scheduled and I STORMED over to that bus stop alone, ready to unleash mother nature all over myself once I arrived. The pain got worse and worse with each step closer I got. I sat myself down once I got there and my this point I was having roasting hot spurt leakages anyway so just sat down and let go.

The odd driver was going past and I was like "I hope they can't see this puddle gushing at my feet!" It was glorious! I waited for the road to empty and crossed over to go back home. I needed a piss again urgently as soon as I got in, so I took the bins out and let it go in my pants at the same time.

And that's pretty much my evening. Hope you all enjoyed - sorry it's so long lol

*004*2023-08-01 19:13

One final update to this story is that I got a shower when I got in but instead of changing in to the pyjamas I'd previously ironed, I felt more comfortable in more formal trousers and a buttoned up, tucked out office shirt. It was about 9pm by this point.

I sat at my desk and began typing these experiences out. I started to feel really cold and groggy. I felt like I was coming down with something as I was sitting there, and then it dawned on me - my bladder emergencies are most likely a combination of my bladder holding and wetting in the recent week along with me also coming down with a cold or something. I always can't hold my piss the day before I come down with something - it all makes sense! So I've stopped worrying so much about my incontinence now lol

I spent the rest of the night typing this thread up and retyping once or twice to get it condensed down a bit (yes, this is the condensed version lol). Every 30 minutes, I'd suddenly abruptly have to piss on the spot. I stood up the first time to run the toilet, as I wasn't looking to have to get another shower before bed. The second I stood up I lost all control on the spot. I didn't even get to move the chair out my way, so I was stood over my desk with some of the dribbles seeping through my crotch at rapid speed dribbling on to the desk and keyboard, with the rest gushing down my legs, flooding my shoes and leaving a massive stain in the carpet.

I just sat back down again. I didn't see a point in doing anything about it and although I wasn't necessarily happy, I still got excited by the experience.

The rest of the times it happened (a good 5 or 6 times in total) I had merely 1 second each time to make it before it was jet shot it's way out. I simply couldn't hold it no matter what I did. This actually broke the chair in the end which caused my final accident. The piss had wore away at the fabric of the garden chair I was using as a desk chair and I subsequently fell through it lol

Each one of those 5-6 times I pissed I tried to fight back, knowing I couldn't. I'd give it my best shot, but never stood a long enough chance to even step away from my desk. By the final 2 or 3 times I let nature sort it self out and did not try to intervene. It felt amazing.

After posting the second instalment of this thread, I changed in to pyjama pants and a nike polo shirt and went straight to bed without having a shower. I'd only recently emptied but had just finished off a can of cider I was drinking. I knew it wouldn't be long before I'd awake in the night needing to pee and was wondering if I'd just end up wetting the bed in my sleep - something I've never done nor ever want to do, but I feared I might. I made sure to fasten the strings of my pyjama pants so they were sitting tightly around my waist. Then I scrolled on Tik Tock until I fell asleep.

I don't know how long later in the night it was when I awoke ready to ferociously piss the bed. It was URGENT. It was also loose. I even spurted hot piss in the first few seconds while I lay there still waking up, preparing myself to get out of bed. I was feeling rough as fuck tbh, which was my first proper sign that I was coming down with a cold. As I say, all this going through my head as I opened my eyes in such a state of desperation was enough time for the boiling hot contents of my bladder to start trickling. I stopped it by sitting up rapidly. I sat on the edge of the bed squashing my meat with both my hands trying to firmly keep it shut while I tried to steady myself. I knew I'd burst if I stood up straight away, so wanted to give it a minute for the wave of urgency to subside slightly enough to run to the bathroom without spurting.

Then I saw a jug I have in my room that I use for transferring water from my bathroom sink to my clothes steamer. "PERFECT!" I thought. The urge wasn't calming down so I leant over to the jug, feeling freshly emerging warmth in my pyjama pants as I stretched over to it. I had to do it NOW. I stood up, pulled my pyjamas down to my feet and stood up straight, putting my meat in to the jug. Aaaaand... relax. "Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh".

Once finished I realised I'd weed on the bottom of my polo shirt a bit but I didn't care. I put the jug down on the floor, pulled my pyjama pants back up and fastened them tightly again. I emptied the jug in to the toilet and washed it out. I saw myself in the mirror and realised how badly the bottom of my polo was wet, then I pulled it up to see an even wetter crotch of my pants where I'd spurted several times since waking up. Then I went to bed.

*006*2023-08-01 19:42

{{3 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Awww sounds rough mate! How you feeling now? 😀

}}

Still rough today la, I thought I might have Covid when I woke up as I've been in contact with someone yesterday who has since tested positive. I still have tests at home so got up and went to do one. I started seriously needing a wee when I was standing there in the kitchen doing this test and couldn't stand still or steady myself no matter how hard I was pinching at and squeezing my dick through my pyjama pants, which already stank of dried in stale piss from the night before. I had to sit down to steady myself, which worked instantly. I stood back up again to carry on with the test and felt hot pee burst out and gush down my legs. It wasn't even enough to make more than a few drops on the floor!

I've been flushing it out by drinking only water all day, and not too much at once. I needed to pee again about 1 and decided I'd wet myself one last time as I was in the bathroom ready to have a shower anyway. Again it was bursting to come out yet wasn't enough to puddle on the floor despite my standing up. I showered and changed in to more office clothes and I've been sat here doing some admin for about 6 hours now.

I desperately needed to go suddenly before and graciously made it. I had a proper word with myself and forbid myself from having an accident this time lol. I got to the bathroom after thinking I was going to piss myself running up the stairs and made it completely dry. I unzipped my trousers, unbuttoned my boxers and had the most glorious piss of my life in the toilet! It finally felt like a normal piss as well, not a short burst.

So I guess I'm on the way to feeling better lol

