Is my wife's best friend into omo?

Author: wetgarth

*000*2024-09-05 09:35

I think this is probably the right place to pose this question, as a little bit of a quandary.

This is more about a conversation quite some time ago and me being into wetting & omo made my "omo" ears perk up straight away and had me wondering about this conversation and her ever since.

We were out with some friends one evening doing the rounds of the local pubs and this specifically relates to one of my wife's' best friends. There were many conversations but somehow got to, always needing a pee on the way home after a night out. The discussion lead to the girls discussing where they could "pop a squat" if desperate on the way home. As a side note, we walk home in the same direction with wife's best friend, on many occasions my wife and this friend have disappear behind a bush or hidden part of a car park etc to relieve themselves discreetly.

However I digress, the point of conversation that instantly set the omo alert was, my wife's best friend recalled how one night when she still lived with her parents, she was so desperate that as soon as she got to their front door, she simply peed her pants (as she put it). My inner omo mind instantly tuned in and wanted to delve more into the details but would have been inappropriate at that time. Incidentally no one reacted negatively laughing with her at the experience and conversation moved on.

There have been other occasions at garden parties & BBQ's where she has stated within my earshot how much she needs a pee but can't be bother to get up and go. I did say to her once "well just pee you pants then" to which the slightly paused response was "oh no - can't do that".

She does like to be a bit of a tease at times but it does make me wonder or is it just my overactive mind focussing on what could be normal conversation to others?

Being my wife's best friend it's a bit of a no-go and there isn't that level of openness but what do you all think?

*002*2024-09-05 12:47

{{1 hour ago, WilllB said:

To be honest, to me those sound like something that almost anyone could say.

I mean, not just anyone, but certain types of people.

I was once in a situation where a group of women were drinking alcoholic beverages and when one complained about how often she had to go to the toilet, the other said she didn't even dare go yet because after the first time she had to go all the time. (So my understanding is that she basically admitted that she needed to go too but she tried to delay it.)

And in another situation, someone was complaining that she had to go to the toilet and her friend jokingly said, "Let it come in your pants".

}}

I'd tend to agree - I think it's just my omo interest that causes me to focus on those comments/situations, in exactly the same way as when I hear a female say they've wet themselves laughing.

But they are just thoughts - for me anyway.

*004*2024-09-05 14:08

{{36 minutes ago, bobwells55 said:

Does she have kids? Because if she’s given birth, especially recently, I feel like that’s not uncommon for women

}}

Yes - she was pregnant with her first same time as my wife was with our 2nd son. I'm sort of used to that and just general maternal bladder type conversations.

I'm most likely reading to much into it and I'm never going to peruse a conversation about it with her....but I've been around for long enough to have suspicions.

*006*2024-09-05 17:51

{{1 hour ago, Skinny Twink said:

I've also noticed that mothers are often more open about discussing their bladder than non-parents.

}}

Agreed.

