A Math Exam, Desperation, and the Limits of Endurance

Author: wee fairy

*000*2025-06-03 15:09

Exams are often stressful, but nothing can prepare you for the kind of pressure I felt during that math exam. It wasn’t just the questions that weighed on me; it was my own body. What started as a simple thirst-relief strategy—drinking water to calm my nerves—quickly turned into an emergency that nearly broke me.

I was already anxious before the exam, and as the pressure of the test settled in, I took several large gulps of water to soothe myself. But I didn’t anticipate how quickly the need to pee would become overwhelming. What began as a mild discomfort soon became a desperation I could no longer ignore. The clock ticked on, but I couldn't focus on anything except the growing pressure within me.

By the time I was an hour and a half (half time) into the exam, my need to use the restroom was no longer subtle, something I could push aside. It became a constant force, pulsing and demanding my attention with every second that passed. But I couldn’t ask for a break. I was terrified. I feared the judgment—the stares from my classmates and the silent disapproval of the invigilator. I couldn’t bear the thought of being that student who can't control her bladder. The shame of needing to leave mid-exam felt unbearable.

So I stayed. I endured.

But as the minutes dragged on, it became clear that staying was no longer an option. The desperation was physical, painful, and consuming. I was squirming in my seat, trying to shift my body in every way possible to relieve some of the pressure. My concentration had shattered. The equations and problems on the page blurred. I couldn’t think. I could only feel. The pressure inside me was building—intensifying—until I feared I might not make it through without losing control.

I tried to hold it in. I tried to breathe through the discomfort, to focus on the exam, but it was impossible. I could feel the hot rush of panic rising in my chest as I realized that every second I waited only made it worse. Then, it happened: a small spurt of wetness escaped. I was horrified. The faint warmth spread, a stark reminder that my body was no longer under my control.

It was my breaking point.

I had to physically stop myself from going in my under pants right there. I pressed the palm of my left hand against my crotch. I could feel the warmth on my panties and it almost made my brain stop.

I tried to hold it, clenching muscles I didn’t even know I had, but it was becoming too much. I could feel the faintest wetness spreading inside my underwear, a warning sign that my body was almost done fighting.

I couldn’t wait any longer. If I waited any longer, I'd have pissed myself in the exam hall. I had to leave.

I almost didn't make it. I felt a small wetness spurt out on my underpants. Thank goodness my uniform was a skirt so the wet splotch wouldn't be as visible as it would've been if i had worn trousers. I could just move my skirt out of the way in the worst case.

I took it as my cue to run. And so I did. I bolted. I didn’t ask permission from the invigilator. I didn’t care anymore. The urgent need to pee outweighed any fear of judgment. But running—oh boy, big mistake. Running made it worse. The jerky, desperate movements only made my bladder contract more painfully. I could feel the droplets, the unmistakable trickle running down my legs as I sprinted toward the restroom. The closer I got, the more it felt like I was losing control.

And then the worst possible thing happened: All three restroom stalls were occupied.

I wanted to cry and scream and bang my head against the walls. I was so desperate. I even left my exam to run all the way over here. And not to mention, the corridor was long becuase my classroom was at the end of the hallway.

For a fraction of second I was contemplating if I could just squat down on the floor and relieve myself just enough to wait till the stall was empty But the urgency was unbearable. Keep in mind, I could feel a few droplets running down my legs from the run, and I had to physically cup my crotch in an attempt to hold it in together. My mind raced, trying to figure out what to do next, but there was no time to think clearly.

Then it almost happened. I almost had the worst accident at tbeworst, most pitiful timing. I almost peed myself right infront of the toilet. The sheer thought made my eyes tear from embarrassment and pity. I was about to burst in my uniform, in my lucky panties and everybody would know.

I was about to push my panties away, giving up. But then—just when I thought it was all over—I heard the unmistakable sound of a flush.

Now it didn't make my situation better, the sound of water running made my bladder cramp a little, but I knew I would make it. My desperation had reached its peak, but I knew—I hoped—I was almost there. So close to relief.

Just as the door opened, I felt it happen. Another few droplets gathering on my underwear. I rushed inside, almost pushing the girl away before sitting on the toilet. I didn't bother locking the door shut. Didn't have time to afford.

I didn't have the time to pull down my underwear all the way, but I managed to push it away from my crotch so that I don't make an even worse mess in my underwear.

The relief was unreal. It came in waves, like the floodgates had opened. Hot steams of liquid gold with full force. I saw the mist rising from it, and that made me let out a pathetic chuckle. It went on for what felt like two solid minutes of ecstatic relief, and for a brief moment, I thought I had died and gone to heaven.

A sound escaped me—somewhere between a gasp and a whimper—as the flood of relief washed over me. I could only pray the other girls in the restroom would understand. I trusted the other girls enough that they could hear the sound of me peeing, and not enter the stall I was in.

My knees were shaking as I kept going on for god knows how long. I felt lightheaded whrn I finally finished. I wiped myself, and stuffed a thick wad of toilet paper on my panties hoping it will soak up the little droplets that had escaped. I had a little naughty thought about pissing my panties sometime but I kept it away for later. I washed my hands and rushed back to the exam hall and finished my remaining paper. Surprisingly the invigilator or anyone told me anything or scold me. I guess they could tell that I needed to piss real bad.

