Foiled by toilet closures

Author: wetchris

*000*2019-11-13 15:48

Yesterday I visited friends for lunch in a town just a couple of stops on the local underground.

I returned home late afternoon and by the time I reached the station to get the train back I found the cups of tea had caught up with me despite having a "just in case" visit before I left.

Whether it was the tea or the cold autumn chill I'm not sure. But by the time the train arrived my need had grown quite considerably. I was really uncomfortable and was quite worried. I'm one of those Omorashi devotees who loves everything about the fetish except the idea of doing it in public. Hearing of others troubles yes, but not mine. Selfish I know.

It was literally a ten minute journey and as soon as we hit the platform I was out of the tube train doors and making haste for the toilets. Then disaster … a sign saying that due to "anti social behaviour and drug taking" the toilets had been closed. My heart sank and I feared I was about to do something anti-social myself!

But I knew the café in the local park had toilets as I had used them in the past. I hurried up the road … it was just a few hundred yards. Then as I entered the park there was a terrible realisation …. where were all the tables and chairs! Then the second realisation. It had turned 4pm, the Winter timetable had come in and both the café and toilets had shut.

There was an option to go behind a tree or find a bush but it wasn't that dark. The place is a route home for schoolchildren and I know that covert surveillance is in place to deal with the very behaviour the station was trying to address. I had no option but to endure the struggle of a 20 minute of a walk home.

Because of bladder weakness I often wear a pull-up on long journeys but I hadn't wanted to that day because my friends might have noticed the bulge and in any case it wasn't that much of a trip.

It wasn't long before I felt a spurt dampen my underpants and I was really apprehensive about losing complete control. I tried to quicken my pace but as fellow sufferers will know it is not that easy and can encourage further leaks. Despite my superhuman efforts to hold on more piss escaped as I entered my road and I could feel the legs of my jeans clinging to my thighs through wetness.. Just another few hundred yards. Please let me make it.

I hoped my three quarter length coat would hide any embarrassment but as you will see from the pics my jeans were a very light blue! Luckily I made the front door without seeing any neighbours!&&&&&&

&&

