Another college girlfriend experience

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2017-10-10 00:24

Senior year of college I started seeing a girl who we'll call Liz. I dated Liz for 3 years, but this was when we had just met and started hooking up. I had known her for about a month when this story takes place. She was a fairly tall slim brunette that had a really cute face with the perfect amount of freckles. I had known her for such a short amount of time that the subject of peeing had never come up, so I had no idea what her attitude about it was. On this day she was wearing gray leggings and a light jacket.

I went to a big state university, but no one really cared much about our football team, they weren't very good and had to play at another schools stadium on the other side of the city, so typically attendance was pretty bad. But my senior year we were unusually decent, and our homecoming game was going to be on primetime TV, so a lot of people planned to go out to the game.

A bunch of my friends and I had planned to go over to the game that night, and I invited Liz along. We were hanging out at my apartment first, and she did pee before we left, after that we went over to my friends apartment where we drank, then we had to walk 20 minutes to catch a shuttle that would take 30 minutes to get us to the game, and a lot of drinking was also taking place on the shuttle.

So we arrive at the game about 2 hours after we had left my apartment. Now for those unfamiliar with American college football, tailgating is about half the fun, especially when your schools team isn't that good, which most of them aren't. So a culture of getting drunk in the parking lot before and during the game becomes prominent. We arrived about 2 hours before the game was actually going to start, and we didn't really plan on going until it was under way.

So we arrive at the tailgate and quickly find some people we knew who had some cars set up and more to drink. I had noticed that Liz had been kinda quiet since we got off the bus, and after about 5 minutes of being there she leaned in to me and quietly told me that she had to go the bathroom. I offered to show her where the porta pottys were but she said she would just wait until we got into the game. Now, I knew that was a bad idea, we probably wouldnt even start going into the game for at least another hour and a half, and from where we were walking to the game, going through security, then finding a bathroom would be another half hour at least. I figured she would soon break and ask me to show her where the porty pottys were, but I didn't say anything and just kept having fun at the tailgate.

She remained quiet and obviously uncomfortable and sure enough, probably 20 minutes later, she asks me if we're going in soon, I told her probably not for a while, and she asked me to show her where the porta pottys were. As we started walking she said "Sorry, I just really really have to go" and I assured her it was no problem.

Apparently, whoevers job it was to get the porta pottys didnt get the memo that there were going to be a LOT more people there on that day than usual, because there were like 15 porta pottys for probably more than 5,000 people. Each one had a massive line in front of it that was no joke 30-35 people deep. I heard Liz quietly say "oh my god" when she saw the lines and I said this would probably take a while.

We got in line and she immediatley crossed her legs tightly and leaned forward with a worried but determined look on her face. Probably a minute or two later we hadn't moved and she told me that she was going in to the game and would meet up with me later. I told her that by the time we waited in the security line, it would be faster to just wait here. She let out frustrated groan and stamped her feet and said "ugh I have to pee so bad".

A few minutes later she could really not stand still, she was running her hands over her belly and down to her thighs, swinging her legs around. Her face was really red and she started stretching around commenting that there must be another bathroom, to which I replied that there wasn't. A few minutes later she was completely frantic, she was walking in circles and doing this thing where she would turn away from me and quickly touch herself for just a split second at a time. If I wasn't paying attention I probably wouldn't have even noticed, but I couldn't help but watch her every move like a hawk.

Not long after that, with still at least 25 people in front of us, she turned and started walking away, I followed her and she explained that there must be another bathroom somewhere. I tried to argue with her and tell her that if she gave up her spot in line she would have to wait even longer, but she, looking at the ground and seemingly on the brink of tears, weakly said "I can't... I can't wait in that line, I'm going to find a bathroom" I kept telling her there were no other bathrooms but she just kept saying "there have to be".

We walked for probably 10 minutes across the lot when she slowed down then eventually stopped right next to a big truck which she used for cover as she plunged one hand shamelessly into her crotch and used the other to cover her face. She was starting to cry now, kinda kneading herself with her hand while moving one leg around rapidly.

I quickly suggested that we go just a little further to a less populated area where she could go between two cars. "I can't... I need a bathroom" she said weekly. I grabbed her hand and told her to trust me and we walked a little further to where there were no people around. I took her between two cars and pulled a stray chair someone had left out to cover one side and stood on her other side. I told her to squat and go here.

She was standing there, trembling, crying pretty hard, one hand in her crotch and the other covering her face breathing like she was in labor. She bent over a bit and looked around, then looked back at the ground. She stayed like that for about a minute, shaking like crazy the whole time. Then she let out a squeal and muttered "please help me", then she quickly dropped in a squat, taking her leggings and underwear down in one motion before absolutely exploding. She peed hard for at least a minute and I am not exaggerating, she was staring at the ground the whole time, still shaking. Her panties were soaked and there were a few sporadic wet spots on her gray leggings which showed the wetness very clearly. Finally she finished and quickly stood up and started walking away. She walked for a bit then stopped, still panting, and looked down to inspect the damage, which wasn't that bad, could easily have been passed off as spilled beer, but I also knew her panties were soaked.

She started apologizing profusely, saying she hadn't needed to pee that bad in a long time and that she was very sorry but she needed to go home and would see me later. I of course insisted in going home with her. Later she told me about a traumatic experience she had as a kid where she wet herself in front of her whole class and a boy she liked and how it stuck with her for a long time, and that she kept thinking about how she wasn't going to let that happen again and how relieved she was that I wasn't upset or anything... if she only knew.

