New Capacity Personal Record

Author: Will8724

*000*2024-12-08 04:02

Today I set a new capacity record, so I thought I would share the story with y'all.

I had to take my car to the shop this afternoon. My bladder started empty (thankfully, given what would come) because I needed to take a dump shortly before leaving. I had planned to take the car to the shop, come back home to drop some stuff off, and then go to dinner with some friends. Unfortunately, life had other plans in store for me.

When I dropped my car at the shop, they said the waiting time was double what I had estimated it to be. This meant there was a chance I would not make it to the event at all. After an hour and a half, I finally get the car back. I'm able to make it to the event, but I am late. I'm annoyed that I won't be able to drop my stuff at home before going to dinner. I'm also mildly concerned about whether I'll be able to hold for the whole trip (although I will use public bathrooms if I really need to, I strongly dislike them). I have no urge, but I drank about 300-400 mL of water soon enough before leaving that it would have not made it to my bladder before my pre-trip pee.

I got water with my meal. I'm not sure how much I drank at the restaurant, but combined with the aforementioned water it means I start to get a slight urge. I'm still not worried at this point, as the dinner seems to be about to wrap up.

Surely enough, it does wrap up. However, we decide to go to another place nearby to get shakes. I'm more worried now, but still not all that much. We go to the place, and I get a shake and drink it. While there, the urge goes from mild to moderate. However, we decide to disband shortly after that. My drive is about 20 mins, so I figure I can hold it until I get back.

Just a couple minutes after I start the drive back, the urge goes from moderate to strong. If it had been a few minutes sooner, I probably would have peed before leaving, but now I'm in my car without that option (or all that many places to stop).

Around 5-10 minutes from home, I start to become desperate. The need is too strong to distract myself; I just can't seem to stop thinking about how bad it is. When I stop at a red light and can finally take my hands off the wheel and gear shift, I loosen my belt a notch to accommodate my bladder. That helps slightly, but I'm still pretty desperate.

Finally, I make it home. I'm out of my car way faster than normal and on my way up the stairs to my apartment. When I get into the apartment, I realize there's no time to waste before getting to the bathroom. I don't even take the time to lock my deadbolt. I slip my shoes off instead of untying them, and I throw my coat on the floor instead of hanging it up.

As I walk the final stretch to the bathroom I decide that I want to measure to see whether I really need to pee or it's just the latchkey effect. I get to the bathroom and pull out the measuring cup (I have one specifically for pee that I keep in the bathroom).

Finally, it's time to pee. I see it go past the 1 cup marker, and the 2, and the 3... and no sign of stopping. I start to realize there's a pretty good chance this is a new record, surpassing my current one of around 800 mL. Finally, the stream subsides and stops, and it's time to see how I did.

I did indeed set a new record tonight of somewhere around 900 mL. I was blindsided by that performance. When I first started measuring, my record was about 725 mL. After a few months, I got up to somewhere in the ballpark of 760-770 mL. It would be almost another year before I bested that with 800 mL, which I would then match about a month later. However, today is just 3.5 weeks from the second 800 mL pee, so I did not expect to see such a large improvement so quickly.

Unfortunately, I was too desperate to take bulge pictures, but I did take measurement pictures. It's really just shy of 900 mL, but it's fairly close.

&&

&&

*002*2024-12-13 09:30

{{1 hour ago, Spectator9 said:

Greater tolerance for the discomfort/urgency

[...]

Going about your day holding a filling/full bladder

}}

This is absolutely a thing. Pretty much all of my best holding stories are from times when I'm out and about, and then when I'm home and feel like holding for holding's sake, I don't do as well.

