House to myself last day: a quick rapid desperation

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-08-19 19:45

Starting a little rapid desperation, I have a lot of things to do today and one of my roomates is getting home this evening so I don't have a ton of time

I held my pee this morning and ended up leaking a little accidentally, so naturally I decided to let the rest out in my shorts since I'm home alone today. I'm walking around the house in my nice wet shorts and just decided to start a little rapid desperation hold! I had 375 ml (half water, half carbonated italian soda), and will have the same amount in an hour, between now and then I'll try to pee as often as I need, aiming for every half hour, and of course I'll be wetting myself for every pee.

In an hour, I'll amp up to drinking every half hour, then the next hour I'll do every 15 minutes, all the while wetting myself to my heart's content. Once four 15 minutes are up, I keep drinking but start holding. The last time I did this I ended up having 3 or 4 totally involuntary accidents back to back, so I'm excited to see what will happen this time.

(If I hear from my roomate that she'll be back any earlier than planned this may get cut short, we'll see)

Since I started an hour ago, I've had two 375 ml glasses of water, one an hour ago and one just now. I also peed in my shorts twice over the last hour and will continue to pee myself as frequently as I can. The goal is to get my kidneys working overtime so that when I start holding my bladder gets really overful really fast and I'm super desperate!

*001*2022-08-19 19:59

Just leaked on my way to the backyard to go pee my shorts out there! Either the water is already catching up to me (and I'm only drinking once an hour at this point), or its a weak bladder day. Either way, I'm definitely gonna be bursting later

*002*2022-08-19 20:11

Just threw in a little curveball drink: a shot each of apple cider vinegar and lemon juice (both slight natural diuretics, I think because of the acid). It was very sour so I rinsed it down with half a mug of water. Still due for 375 ml of water in half an hour... likelihood of a leak is looking very high in a little while

*004*2022-08-19 20:26

{{1 minute ago, lovetohold said:

Exciting! Hoping the desperation ramps up soon.

}}

Still on the drinking and peeing lots phase, but I've been letting the desperation build a tiny bit between pees

Just had 375 ml of water, we're amping up to drinking every half hour now!

Just had a nice slow pee down my legs in the sun of my backyard. These shorts have probably taken about 6 wettings at this point, though not full bladder ones. I'm gonna keep peeing them until its hold time, then I'm changing into dry clothes so I'll notice the first leaks

*006*2022-08-19 20:50

{{15 minutes ago, RewetC said:

I love that you're doing it again and sharing your progress

Is there a chance you let us see how wet your clothes will get over time?

}}

Unfortunately the shorts I'm in don't show wetness very well (they're black with a pattern) but I'm gonna change once the hold starts and I'll probably share some pics or a video! I was thinking of trying white shorts, except with all the water involved in rapid desperation I doubt my pee will be very yellow at all to show on them

*007*2022-08-19 21:02

375 ml down! We're amping up to every 15 minutes after this! I'm gonna be tinkling like there's no tomorrow pretty soon. T-60 minutes to hold time😁

Just leaked and I'm still peeing as often as I want, so my bladder's definitely getting to overdrive mode... fun fun

*008*2022-08-19 21:22

Just had my second of the every 15 minutes drinks, I've been peeing about every half hour and I'm getting desperate between pees even at that frequency!

*009*2022-08-19 21:33

Just lost control on my kitchen floor and I peed I kid you not like 15 minutes ago

Just had my third of the every 15 minutes drinks and I've decided to start holding early (instead of after the next drink), because I don't want to overhydrate myself. I will have had 3 litres by the end of this challenge, so I'm also switching to an electrolyte drink now

*010*2022-08-19 21:49

15 minutes into the hold and I'm starting to feel it pretty quick! Nothing really noticeable yet, I'm still actively working around the house but sitting at maybe a 3 or 4. Time for another 375 ml🤪

*011*2022-08-19 21:59

Starting to lightly squrim

*012*2022-08-19 22:10

It's been 20 minutes since my last drink and I'm holding it surprisingly well, I'm squirmy but still barely above a 5/10, totally capable of doing what I need to around the house right now. I'm wondering if perhaps I should have one final drink to make things a little more interesting

*013*2022-08-19 22:41

Feeling VERRRY full now, but I'm holding impressively well for me. Not even one leak yet, but my bladder is bulging and firm to the touch and my pelvic floor muscles just started fluttering as I've been typing this. I didn't end up having more water at the time of my last post either because I had a bunch of stuff to finish around the house and needed to be able to walk around without pissing myself. Once I finish doing my dishes I might have some water if I haven't leaked yet though...

*014*2022-08-19 23:01

Just finally wet myself! I felt my muscles start to flutter more and more and had to run to the shower spurting! I kept trying to hold once I got there, lost a big leak and then finally stopped trying to fight it. I probably peed for almost a minute, such a sense of relief!

*016*2022-08-19 23:35

{{14 minutes ago, pissypants2005 said:

With how much you drank, I’m surprised you lasted that long. I bet it felt amazing letting go.

}}

Well I had a total of 2275 ml since the beginning, but only 1125ml of that was after the holding began. Still anything over a litre is a ton for me and I'm guessing the earlier water may have still been working its way through me, even though I'd been peeing before the hold started

It's been 30 minutes since my wetting and I'm back up to a 5/10 now. Nice pressure in my bladder (and my pelvic floor feels super weak right now) but nothing too serious at this point

*019*2022-08-21 20:34

{{On 8/20/2022 at 2:11 AM, Conguy said:

Can't wait to hear the final chapter of this epic day of wetting!

}}

I made it up to about a 7.5/10 before I started leaking and spurting uncontrollably with pretty much any movement and eventually lost control in my overalls (which had been drying in the sun for a few days since a big full bladder wetting and smelled somewhat lol). They're difficult to undo (perfect for causing accidents) and I wanted to pee myself again so I didn't try too hard to get them off and just relaxed as I felt my bladder start to give up.😌

For the rest of the day after my roomates got home, my bladder kept filling quickly and every time it got above about a 5/10, my pelvic floor muscles would start fluttering and release a few drops on their own! I had two more big leaks that night (more than a palm sized wet patch on my shorts) but I was able to hide them, though I had a couple close calls. Typical stuff for a rapid desperation: @FemDespLover94 and I peed our pants 4 times last time we did it!

I'm finally back to normal control, but the morning after that I dribbled quite a lot on the way to the washroom while desperate with morning pee. I'm glad it was temporary but it was rather exciting to feel drips hitting the inside of my shorts as I walked without me being able to do anything about it.🤪

