Waiting To Use The Toilet

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-03-17 00:06

A few months ago Husband and I arrived home both needing to use the bathroom. I needed to pee ,fairly though not desperately badly, but he was having some trouble with his guts so I let him go first.

Of course the moment I couldn't go to the toilet I desperately needed to go immediately. Not having any idea how long I'd be waiting I decided against dancing outside the bathroom door and tried to distract myself with other things. I packed the dishwasher, built some blocks for Toddler to smash, turned on the television. But I couldn't forget that I needed to pee, and at this point I really needed to pee pretty quickly because I was starting to get that numb feeling that suggested I might lose control.

I considered my options;

1. Try to hang on, have an accident if I can't

Pros: Don't need to decide to pee anywhere creative, would be kinda fun.

Cons: Potential clean-up, Husband would feel guilty.

2. Pee in something from the kitchen, salad bowl?

Pros: Empty bladder straight away.

Cons: Salad bowl has pee in it, might well stuff it up anyway and get pee on floor/me.

3. Pee outside

Pros: Empty bladder straight away.

Cons: Fair chance neighbours will see, Toddler will probably take off on me.

4. Pee in en suite toilet

Pros: Get to use an actual toilet.

Cons: En suite is a storage room. Will have to move boxes.

Now you might well make a different decision to me. None of them are clearly dominant strategies. But for better or worse I decided on the en suite toilet.

I opened the en suite door and surveyed the situation. The room wasn't completely packed with boxes or anything, but I was definitely going to have to move at least a few of them to physically get to the toilet itself. I was a bit apprehensive about picking up heavy boxes with a full bladder. One time, years ago, I tried to move a tv with a fullish bladder and peed on the floor a little bit. And that was pre-baby.

Luckily the boxes between the toilet and the door weren't overly heavy and I was able to start moving them into the bedroom without much trouble. Toddler busied herself with the boxes and didn't get underfoot. I did my best to not actually look at the toilet itself too much and to try not the think about my bursting bladder, which was starting to feel twitchy. I could feel that I was very close to having an accident and that if I started to leak I'd probably just lose control altogether.

At last, probably two minutes after I started, but it felt like at last, I moved the last box off the toilet seat itself and flung open the lid to find...

Mold!

The toilet had developed rather a bit of mold since it had last been used. Like black blotches everywhere; the bowl, but more importantly the seat! Probably should have drained it and turned it off in hindsight. Damn it.

I had literally two seconds to consider my options because now I was so close to the toilet my bladder was going to empty.

1. Pee myself a foot in front of the toilet.

Pros: Don't have to sit on the disgusting, disgusting toilet.

Cons: Get pee on my clothes, get pee on myself, get pee on the floor and probably the cardboard boxes.

2. Sit on the toilet.

Pros: No mess.

Cons: Get freaking mold all over me.

3. Hover over the toilet.

Pros: Best of both worlds!

Cons: My thigh strength is about zero and I don't have time to be careful. So I'll probably fuck it up.

I went with hover. I fucked it up.

Because I really don't have the muscles to hover properly, and I couldn't bring myself to risk sitting in the mold, I had to kind of just bend over backward and support myself with a hand on the cistern behind me. I did get quite a lot of pee in the toilet. I also managed to get a fair bit down my leg, on my pants, on the toilet seat, and on the floor. Enough that my socks were wet from standing in it.

At this point Toddler decided to investigate what I was up to and I had to push myself back upright, pull my kinda wet pants back up, and scoop her up before she got to the mold/pee.

It was around this time that I realised I hadn't actually completely finished peeing before I did all this. Awesomeness.

Since it was evening and we weren't going out again that day I put on my pajamas. After Husband was finished in the bathroom I got him to mind toddler while I cleaned the en suite. I told him about the mold part of the story but not the peeing everywhere part.

*004*2017-03-20 02:06

{{On 3/18/2017 at 5:16 AM, WetDave said:

I'm a man so peeing in the garden would have been the obvious solution. Indeed I've done this often when we had one bathroom and three women in the house. Now we have three bathrooms and only two of us so the problem doesn't occur any more!

}}

{{On 3/19/2017 at 6:07 AM, AliasnameTO said:

I'm trying to think of it from a woman's perspective. The obvious answer for me would be the en suite and just let fly because I don't have to touch anything but the flush handle. :P I would have done what you did, hover and handle the consequences. But it would have been fun to try holding it and fail as well hehe.

}}

Yeah it wouldn't have really been much of a situation for a man would it!

{{10 hours ago, nappypants said:

I'd vote for "just do it in your pants and pretend you tried to hold it..."

}}

Now that's bold!

At this point is looks clearly like the most popular selection would have been to just try to hang on until the bathroom become available. That would have been my second choice. With the benefit of hindsight it actually wasn't much longer and I'd almost certainly have made it. However in a hypothetical world where it was another half an hour wait I imagine I'd have told myself that I would hover over a bowl in the kitchen but that I'd wait until the last possible minute to do so; and then I would have doubtless peed myself thinking I could wait a bit longer.

And it looks like a pretty close split on whether to bother trying to hover or not. I was pretty split as well. I'm so glad I didn't have to face that choice in a public bathroom.

