Naughty game at home escalated

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2021-08-16 13:08

I was naughty today!

I am now fresh out of the shower with a load of laundry going, so I thought I would tell you about a fun game I sometimes play with myself.

Here's the thing: I like desperation as a concept, but in reality, I have really good control, and it just takes too long for me to get truly desperate. When I try to do holds, I get frustrated at the pain and discomfort, lose interest and just wet myself to get it over with...

Also, it's the wetting itself that most interests me, so desperation does not necessarily have to factor into it.

I have found, however, that I can simulate desperation whenever I'm in the mood for some naughty wet fun.

A game I often play with myself is this: I stand with my feet hip-width apart and I do not permit myself to cross my legs or use my hand to help me hold. I then relax my muscles enough that my pee descends my urethra and sits right at the opening. The outer muscles are all that's keeping it inside. This generates a sense of urgency that is quite strong, even if I don't really have to go all that much. Sometimes I tighten my muscles again and "pull" the pee back inside, and sometimes, like if I'm about to hop in the shower, I let myself dribble a tiny bit into my underwear.

This feels really naughty and is very arousing, but I don't have to deal with any clean-up afterwards. Win-win!

However, if I'm in the mood for some wet fun, I have found a way to escalate this game. I drink enough fluids to make my bladder pleasantly full. There is a sweet spot that I like to get to, where I definitely need to pee, and it is quite urgent, but I'm not yet desperate. If I play my little relaxing-my-muscles game in this state, the sense of urgency I am able to generate is INTENSE! I like to keep it that way for a while, before I relax a tiiiiny bit more and let a little dribble out. Because I really do need to pee at this point, I find it much harder to actually pinch off the flow, and sometimes the slow trickle keeps going for a couple of seconds before I'm able to stop it.

And even if I set myself up for it, this "involuntary" leaking really turns me on. If I have to go quite badly, like I did today, my holding muscles sometimes do a sort of spasm when I tighten them to stop the flow, which leads to a strong second-long gush of pee into my pants before I'm able to stop myself. This sensation is the closest I've ever gotten to uncontrollable wetting as an adult, and it never fails to stir my loins.

Today I took it up a notch. I stood in front of a full-length mirror, repeated the "relaxing" process three times, with a satisfying gush every time. I was wearing gray, relatively slim joggers, and I was surprised at how much pee I could actually release into my pants before it was immediately visible. There was a sizeable wet spot at my crotch, but as long as I kept my thighs together, it would not have been noticeable to casual passers by. I then continued with another favorite of mine: the slow release. Instead of relaxing my muscles completely and flooding my pants, I kept releasing my pee in controlled, slow spurts. This allows the fabric of my pants to soak up each spurt in turn, leading to a uniform wet spot slowly creeping outward and down my legs. This both limits the subsequent clean-up (which I detest) AND prolongs the sensation of wetting, as I get to re-experience releasing my pee into my pants again, and again, and again.

After about five minutes of this, I had released a full bladder's worth of pee into my pants without a single drop spilled on the floor. The dark wet spot was a uniform semi-circular shape, extending down to around mid-calf, standing out starkly against the light gray of the dry parts of my joggers. Sadly, no pictures or video, as I was too busy enjoying myself.

*005*2021-08-17 09:37

{{10 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I have also done the "controlled, slow spurts" method while going for a walk in snowpants. No one I walked by suspected how wet my snowpants were

}}

@The Dark Wolf

Oh, yes, secret wetting in snow pants is awesome! I have also done that, and it was the best feeling! I haven't had opportunity to try that out again for a while, but this fall I thought I might go hiking in the woods on a very rainy day and have some fun in rain pants!

{{8 hours ago, Shaved Monkey said:

Its really impressive how much pee the fabric can hold if wet slowly

}}

@Shaved Monkey

Yes, it really is! I am surprised every time. I really did not think I could release a full bladder and not have a single drop spill on the floor! While it's also fun to just let go and flood your pants, it's always over too quickly! I like the slow wetting in little spurts, because then I get to experience the sensation of pee coming out into my pants again and again and again before I'm empty. And if I drink a lot of water, I can keep it going for quite a while, too!

*006*2021-08-17 11:27

I wasn't planning on wetting again today...

But I couldn't stop thinking about yesterday, and I was just going to tease myself with the relax-my-muscles game, just a little bit, just to relive the intense urgency.

And then I couldn't resist letting a little tiny trickle out.

I was just going to get my underwear a little damp and then go change, I swear! But then that trickle felt reallllly good, so I was just going to do one more. And one more. And one more... and then one thing led to another, and suddenly I needed a change of pants...

*009*2021-08-19 06:39

{{On 8/17/2021 at 10:42 PM, Wettishfettish said:

So how are you doing now?! Are you wet or dry while reading this?

}}

No wetting for a couple days now, @Wettishfettish

, but around the time you posted that, I was engaging in some naughty, pre-shower wet fun, actually!

See my post on the serendipitous discovery I made that evening.

That was a fun day…

*011*2021-08-20 07:35

{{12 hours ago, PrincessInTheP said:

Also this sounds crazy but I discovered it as a child on road trips. If I tickle my belly button while I sort of have to go or I know I'm supposed to pee now because mom's not going to stop again before we get there, then I can normally Force something to happen. My belly buttons like an override button.

}}

Ooh, that's interesting! I'll have to try that out the next time I'm having fun!

