My Holidays

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-01-25 05:31

I have been on holidays this month. Nothing particularly exotic, just driving around the state eating things and walking up hills, my kind of vacation. And since my state is Queensland it actually takes a really long time to drive around.

Naturally, since I am me, I have a few desperation stories to share.

1. On our second day we ate a late lunch at a brewery with the intent of booking into our motel afterward. Even though I could easily see the bathrooms from where I was sitting I put off going because I figured I could hang on till we got to the motel. However my husband wanted to look at the shop afterward so by the time we actually left I was actively thinking that I really should go pee before we left. But I didn't, I just get anxious about public bathrooms, I don't know.

Nothing really slowed me down after that but by the time we'd driven to the motel, checked in, and got to our room I was worrying desperate. Like I was pee dancing while husband opened to door. I was actively worried about not making it in time. I did though, and resolved to be more careful from then on. And I actually largely was.

As soon as I peed and dropped our bags inside we went back out and promptly got stuck in roadworks for twenty minutes. If we'd hit that an hour earlier I might very well have wet myself. Just lucky I guess :)

2. One morning my husband accidentally made two cups of coffee with milk, he doesn't like coffee with milk and I don't like waste so I ended up drinking them. Which was silly because 90 minutes later, on a road in the middle of nowhere, I was busting. There were slightly too many other cars for me to feel great about going by the side of the road. Nevertheless it quickly became a side-of-the-road or on-the-seat choice. I was just about to ask my husband to pull over when we passed a sign indicating a pull over 5km ahead had toilets. I still nearly asked him to pull over but decided to hang on and wait instead.

3. I was picking through brochures in the lobby of a hotel when I felt the need to pee. Since I was being good I told myself I'd just finish with the brochures then use the lobby loos which were about five meters away. But the moment I lifted my head to check they were actually where I remembered seeing them I suddenly had to go really badly. Still I figured I'd be finished in about 30 seconds, so I should just finish with the brochures and then go pee. But I couldn't wait that long. So I walked over to the bathrooms as quickly as was seemly.

As I pushed open the bathroom door my bladder just tried to empty. I clenched everything as tightly as possible, horrified that I'd gone from not needing to go at all to just about peeing myself in under a minute. I threw myself into a stall and just about ripped my shorts off. And you know what? My bladder was only half full if that.

4. One evening after a bush walk I decided to take a pass on the toilets at the start of the trail on the grounds that they were really gross and hold it till we got back to town. Which was the first time I'd passed up a easy toilet since the first story, so naturally I got punished for it. 8km, there was a sign, from town I pulled into a driver rest area with toilets even though if I held it another ten minutes I could have just gone in my motel room. I really couldn't wait. That particular toilet was so disgusting I'd almost have rather pee myself. Should have just gone at the trail.

5. This one is actually my husband not me. On our final drive home, which was really long, he drank a couple of Red Bull's to stay alert. I teased him as he drank them that they would make him need to pee. Sure enough as we were about 30 minutes from home he mentioned that he really needed to pee. And then kidded with me that I shouldn't get too excited. I still watched him closely. He did seem to move around quite a bit in his seat but that might have just been discomfort from a long drive.

I considered feigning desperation myself so he'd let me run into the bathroom when we got home, he would have to get the baby out of the car, which let me tell you, is not fun at all with a full bladder. But I decided that would be mean. He did rush straight inside without helping me with baby when we got back. But that's the end of the story. :p

*003*2016-01-26 01:12

{{ 

A wetting expirience without a wetting would end up to just an expirience, I presume...

}}

Yeah but I still thought in good faith there might be some interest. :) I did try to convey content with tags, though I'm traditionally pretty bad at using them I'm trying to get better about it. Maybe I could stick a disclaimer in the opening line in future... Though I personally don't like topic summaries myself... Or I could learn how to use spoiler tags?

