House to myself day 3: accidents?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-08-12 20:51

Whelp, I wasn't planning to do anything omo-related today but I guess my bladder had other plans. Just had a totally involuntary leak (guess my bladder must still be recovering from the past two days) and decided, since I was wet anyway, I might as well have a little tinkle in my shorts over the bathroom floor.

Now that I'm wet I decided it would be fun to hold until I have another involuntary accident! I just had 21 oz of water (600 ml) and I'm gonna wait about a half hour or until I'm around a 6 or 7 and then have 8-12 oz, depending on how desperate I'm feeling.

I'm also staying in the wet shorts until then, so now we wait! It's a good thing I didn't leak till I got home from work lol!

*001*2022-08-12 20:56

My plan as of right now is to hold to my max - bladder firm to the touch and stretching my abdomen a bit, pelvic floor muscles getting all fluttery towards the end and a total loss of control

*002*2022-08-12 21:09

It's been 15 minutes now since I drank 21 oz, and I was feeling genuinely thirsty (strange I know) so I decided to have 5 oz of carbonated water. Also did a shot of lime juice because I find acid is good for irritating my bladder😈

I'm starting to feel it now, around a 5 but I've had a couple intense pangs where I had to hold myself to ensure I didn't leak. I'm gonna take care of some stuff around my house (including yesterday's laundry haha) and come back when I'm past a 6/10

*003*2022-08-12 21:18

Total intake is currently at 28oz or about 800ml, all within the last half hour. This is gonna hit me hard lol!

*005*2022-08-12 21:44

Up to at a solid 7-7.5 now and my bladder is starting to bulge. I just struggled my way through some meal prep but I think I'm gonna have to abandon ship if I want to keep myself from leaking. I'm making some tea now, went with the biggest mug I have which is just over 14 oz and I'm making hibiscus tea which is very tasty and apparently a mild natural diuretic!

{{11 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

How bout another walk?

}}

I would but I've stayed in the shorts I wet myself in earlier and the wet spots are too visible for me to want to do that. Haven't leaked yet this round though!

*006*2022-08-12 21:50

Pelvic floor muscles just fluttered a little and I haven't even touched the tea yet, I'd say I'm at a 7.5. Squirming like crazy

*007*2022-08-12 21:58

I'm past an 8 now, bladder is firm and feeling nice and stretched. Pelvic floor muscles are fluttering. I doubt I'll be able to finish the tea lol

Just lost a tiny leak, my pelvic floor is fighting for its life

Can't remember the last time I was this desperate. I'm past a 9 for sure and I doubt I'll be able to make it downstairs to get my tea without leaking

*008*2022-08-12 22:06

😞 I was so close!! Made it all the way downstairs and back up without leaking, then a little bit escaped as I started to sip my tea and sit back down. Any time for that accident now, my bladder is screaming for relief

*009*2022-08-12 22:10

{{1 minute ago, vincp44 said:

Hold on... relief will come 😉

}}

Ugh hopefully soon! The desperation is lovely too though 🙂

Almost finished my tea, which brings my total fluid intake up to 42 oz, or 1200ml, which is a ton for me. I'm starting to leak here and there by accident, but just tiny ones, holding on

About to attempt to make my way downstairs to my shower without leaking (too) much or letting loose all over the carpets 😖

Made it downstairs with only 2 tiny leaks! Unfortunately now I have to hold standing up unless I wanna sit on the toilet clothed. Both bad options lol

*011*2022-08-12 22:22

It finally came flooding out! It's barely been 10 minutes since I finished my tea though which means another accident is probably in the works. Should I change into the overalls I wet on day 1 or do a 4th pee in the jeans from yesterday?

*014*2022-08-12 22:37

Just changed into the jeans I wet 3 times yesterday and left in the sun to dry, still wearing my wet undies underneath. I think most of the tea has yet to hit me, and I just had 10 oz of water to spice things up. Hoping for another desperate accident soon, and maybe this one will come more easily with everything feeling a bit fatigued

*015*2022-08-12 22:38

{{3 minutes ago, Valentoon said:

Maybe for this next time, you can allow yourself to “let go” for 1-5 seconds every X amount of time, say 30 minutes, and then keep holding? Prolong that nice full feeling

}}

Ooh that could be fun. sorta want to hold till max again though and enjoy some temporary incontinence later tonight. we shall see

My bladder feels a little sore now, kinda the way your muscles feel after a good workout. can also feel myself starting to fill up again already

I'm at that nice cozy comfy level, like a 5, maybe 5.5

*017*2022-08-12 22:53

{{4 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Keep up with this and you may need to buy some incontinence undies or diapers for tomorrow.

}}

That's the beauty of having my house to myself, I can leak in my pants to my heart's content and no one will know. I do have plans sunday tho

*019*2022-08-13 00:24

Unsurprisingly, I had another accident in my jeans (the ones I peed 3 times yesterday). Didn't let myself get quite as desperate as earlier, but my bladder was tired because I really held to my max before, so I lost control quite easily once I got up to about a 7, which was a relief!

*021*2022-08-13 00:40

{{4 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Are you done pushing things now, or are you still going to continue? Sounds like your bladder fast twitch muscles are nearing their limit and will continue to lead to loss of control sooner and sooner if you keep pushing it, so it’ll be easier to have some fun still. I think maybe some leggings could use a washing.

}}

Ahh I'd like to, if I could make myself instantly clean after haha. But I just showered up and am now about to take care of the (quite substantial) load of peed in laundry from the past 3 days so I think I'm done for the night, unless I end up leaking by accident, which may very well happen lol

*023*2022-08-13 03:29

Whelp, just spurted into my pants by accident. Can't say I'm surprised considering what my bladder's been through today, and the last 3 days lol. In fact I'm surprised I didn't leak until now.

I'm wearing these athletic-material joggers and I'm amazed, you can barely see the wetness at all and I just released a good 60% full bladder. I might have to wet these in public sometime, they're impressively discreet

