Playing around

Author: whetoric

*000*2017-01-16 20:44

So, the wife is into wetting and asked me, at some point, if I'd wet for her. I'm into omo myself, so I planned it out.

In the evening we usually play a board game or something- we're pretty competitive. Knowing that, I started downing water about 3 P.M. I said absolutely nothing about it and the day continued on as usual. We finished dinner, got the dishes put away, and set up a board game. I'd been drinking water without releasing for about 4 hours now and the pressure on my bladder was downright painful. I'm not one for acting so, even if it was forced, the desperation was going to be real for her.

The game takes about an hour and a half; by forty minutes in my high-speed knee bouncing wasn't doing anything for me. I stood up and crossed my legs in an out while making my move. Up until this point she hadn't noticed a thing but the fact was that I couldn't physically sit still any longer without leaking pee- a little spurt had come out before I stood up. So there I am, moving my piece, while hopping from leg to leg like a toddler.

"You alright?" She asked quizzically. I bet she was wondering if I had a leg cramp of something.

"I'm fine," I said matter-of-factly. She dropped it as we continued our moves. I walked across to the kitchen to relieve the desperation and then went back to playing.

About an hour into the game, more than 4 hours into holding, I'm being forced to squeeze my junk every once and awhile just to stop the random, hard shivers going through my body from the pain.

"It's really hard to play while you're distracting me like that," The wife says coquettishly. I played dumb.

"Huh? What're you talking about?" I asked, grabbing myself with both hands for a second to get some momentary relief. She just smiled and left it at that.

My pee-pee dance got more erratic as we played. Honestly, I'd never held it this long (at least, not with purposely putting that much water down me) since I was a little kid. I was literally kicking one leg out over and over again while leaning forward just to keep my body in check. It wasn't working. At about one-hour and fifteen I grabbed my penis with a vice-grip and just held on. I knew that was it because I couldn't let go. After about five minutes like that I tried to move my hand off to move my piece and I couldn't even do that. My bladder was gone, soaking the front of my jeans even as I tried to hold on. The wife gave me a smile as I stood there in my puddle. I was rock-hard now that the pain was gone.

Of course, we finished the game but after that we were in for a lovely night of the sort of stuff married people do.

