Teams call hasn`t gone to plan

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-02-10 12:16

I'm working from home today so I thought I'd spice up a boring client meeting.

Last night I dared myself to wet my favourite pink dungarees during a Teams meeting.

I had plenty of drink this morning and then joined the 10:30 call with a giant mug of tea and a pint of water on my desk.

My only task today was taking notes so I had an excuse to go on mute for most of the call.

The stage was set and about an hour in I composed my face into a look of concentration and let my pee flow, flooding my dungarees and pooling in my leather chair.

Less than 10 minutes after I'd wet myself the customer wrapped up the call with a request to reconvene after lunch!

I can't for the life of me think of an excuse to change my clothes so now I'm now stuck wearing soaking wet, cold dungarees waiting for the meeting to start again at 12:30!

If only I'd worn my jeans I could have changed in the break. I'm so cross with myself.

*006*2025-02-10 14:22

This really isn't my day, I didn't think things through and used the toilet during the break instead of peeing in my Dungarees again.

My legs feel all cold and clammy, I just want to get clean and dry but my boss wants to have a call at half two to go through the notes so I'll be stuck here for at least an hour!

*008*2025-02-10 15:01

{{35 minutes ago, jboarder64L said:

You can always drink up again now!

}}

In the middle of a call and show my boss what's happened? No thanks!

Fortunately my boss only wanted half an hour so that is my calls all done for the day. Time for a quick shower and some dry clothes 😁

*012*2025-02-10 15:48

{{10 minutes ago, wetgarth said:

I have to honest, I work from home more or less exculisvely so this is a regular thing for me to enjoy a good wetting on a TEAMS call or other online calls. Or even sit through a call in wet pants. (but that's my thing, I enjoy re-wetting) Obviusly the mic has to be on mute though in case of any hissing or splashing sounds

However I do see your problem regarding dungarees if you don't like staying in wet pants.

All adds to the excitment though of making a boring work day more fun 🙂

Guess they'll be destined to your wardrobe of wetting clothes now lol

}}

{{10 minutes ago, wetgarth said:

I have to honest, I work from home more or less exculisvely so this is a regular thing for me to enjoy a good wetting on a TEAMS call or other online calls. Or even sit through a call in wet pants. (but that's my thing, I enjoy re-wetting) Obviusly the mic has to be on mute though in case of any hissing or splashing sounds

However I do see your problem regarding dungarees if you don't like staying in wet pants.

All adds to the excitment though of making a boring work day more fun 🙂

Guess they'll be destined to your wardrobe of wetting clothes now lol

}}

I got them from my " wardrobe of wetting clothes" I managed to wet them not long after buying them.

I was watching TV and didn't factor the time to undo them into my dash for the loo, I ended up completely wetting myself as I fiddled with the straps.

I was really cross with myself because they were my favourites and I felt like I couldn't wear them in public any more.

*014*2025-02-10 17:53

{{36 minutes ago, Foxlover said:

Why not say you spilled something on yourself during lunch and elected to change? Pasta sauce on the torso, spot of guac on one of the straps, the possibilities are endless 😮‍💨

}}

You are talking about a fully grown adult who pissed in a brand new pair of dungarees because she was too busy watching TV.

Logical thinking skills aren't my strong point.

I was sure if I got changed people would think it was because I'd wet myself but in hindsight I think you are probably right 😂

{{36 minutes ago, desplvr7 said:

Thanks for sharing!! Did you have your camera on when you let go?? I’m curious how much your facial expression would have given away 😂

}}

Yes the camera was on, I hope my Katy is concentrating face was enough cover 😂

*019*2025-02-10 19:16

{{24 minutes ago, jboarder64L said:

I mean, it was probably a good show right?🤷‍♂️

}}

It wasn't even a good show. I was watching Homes Under The Hammer 🤣

{{35 minutes ago, Perhaps said:

I bet it looks very close to the "Katy is pissing her brand new dungarees as a fully grown adult" face 🤣

}}

Hopefully the difference is enough to fool people!

