Squeezing pee outta my girlfriend

Author: WesternWets

*000*2021-06-28 19:59

As some of you might know, I’ve been in a relationship for the last year with a wonderful woman, and among her kinks and other good qualities she’s come to share my fetish of peeing and wetting clothes and herself. She’s wet her pants and peed in the shower in front of me a handful of times, and almost every time she goes in the toilet I get to bear witness. That being said, the pinnacle of our peeing experiences thus far was yesterday morning. I’ll try to keep the details focused on the peeing and wetting, but it was all part of a wild early sex session.

I was doing my usual getting up and walking around, working on some drawings for a somewhat overdue comic. As I passed our room I saw my love laying in bed texting, and thought she might be sending me a message. Sure enough, when I checked my phone I was greeted by these glorious texts:

Needless to say without even replying I dashed into the room and grabbed her as she was still under the covers. Making out turned to reaching inside her, and as I massaged her from within I laid as much of my weight as I could onto her abdomen. It wasn’t long before I felt for the first time my hand being peed on while inside her. I kept fingering her as urine leaked out onto her thin pink night shorts. Having been bunched up below her they were now soaked, and as I stopped to admire the damage she ended up peeing more, throughly soaking her shorts and the blanket around her bottom. It was among the sexiest things Ive ever witnessed - the moment that takes the prize comes later.

So I keep going, letting my fingers and tongue do the work and thinking her bladder has emptied. But my lady has an impressive bladder and continued to add to her puddle. I couldn’t resist, and with one hand I played with her leaking pussy and the other dug into her lower belly, pressing down on her bladder so much that a few more trickles escaped. 

Seeing if this was now the last of it, i pushed my hand into her stomach again and this time the piss came out in a noisy jet that shot far past her puddle. More excited than ever, I kept pushing and she kept peeing and moaning in delight, the arch of urine only growing with each gush.

At this point the entire bottom corner of the bed is drenched. There was definitely a little more that leaked out after the grand fountain show I received, but in the interest of trying (and failing) to save the soaked bedding from irreparable damage we wound down the bed play and she emptied what was STILL in her bladder down her luscious thighs as I rubbed my hands up and down them. I took dozens of pictures during the entire experience, and while I didn’t get her grand arch of urine that I described on film, I got several other sexy clips of her wetting her night shorts in bed and us having our fun that I’ll be posting in the download section shortly. In the meantime here are some pictures of before during and after the best pissing show yet. In case you can’t already tell, I’m pretty in love

NUDITY WARNING

