Workout wetting planned

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2024-11-06 12:20

So… I’ve been a member for a while, but haven’t posted in a long time. I’ve been lurking as a guest a while without bothering to log in, but decided to finally log in so I could post something.

I’m going to be doing a workout later today. Cardio. And I’ve been wanting to try something out, so… I guess today is the day.

I’ve found myself increasingly drawn to diapers lately, but I have not yet taken the plunge to buy any real ones. My local grocery store had nighttime pullups intended for older children, so I purchased a pack of those. They do not fit me, so I rip the sides and wear them like a pad, with tight underwear and/or bike shorts to hold them in place. They can’t handle a full release, but work quite well if I go slow and keep my dribbles relatively short.

Now, my favorite way to wet in public is to fold up a couple of microfiber cleaning cloths in the shape of a pad and put them in my underwear. Microfiber is key here. This fabric absorbs A LOT of liquid! I can dribble repeatedly and the fabric just contains it. Eventually, the wetness does seep through and a wet spot starts wicking down the inside of my thighs, visible on whatever I’m wearing, but with a dress or long coat over to hide it, nobody is any the wiser. I love to do this on walks. A couple of days ago, I wore this kind of makeshift fabric pad to a meeting (it’s completely invisible under clothes), and while I didn’t let anything out during the meeting (consummate professional! lol), I could feel the bulk between my legs and underneath me the whole time. After the meeting, on my way home, I did a couple of long dribbles while waiting for the bus, completely unseen by everyone around. I made sure to stand on the bus though, just in case.

The thing I want to try is to combine this with the pullup. I want to put the microfiber cloths as a kind of booster inside the pullup. I prefer to feel the wetness on my skin anyway, and the pullup just wicks it away too quickly. I’m hoping the pullup will just absorb the wetness that seeps through the fabric, and that this slow seepage will maximize the capacity of the pullup.

To pull this off and remain discrete (as I expect the pullup will swell and become quite obvious, even if it doesn’t leak), I’m planning to wear a workout skort. It has bike shorts underneath, with a skirt over the bike shorts. The skort should cover the bulge completely, so long as I don’t bend over (which I’m not planning to do).

Right now, I’m drinking a lot of water and going to the bathroom often, so that my kidneys will be flushed and working at maximum capacity when it’s time to work out. Will report back once I’m done!

###

UPDATE: post-workout

I’m putting my update here below, just to keep everything together.

OMG, this might have been the best idea I’ve ever had!

It worked *exactly* as I had hoped! My kidneys were working at full speed, so by the time I was ready to start working out, I was already quite full. I never do holds, so I don’t know what number I was at, but it was getting quite uncomfortable. I wasn’t afraid of losing control, but the pressure was quite insistent and I started feeling the need to fidget.

I folded two cleaning cloths into a pad by folding them lengthwise and then lengthwise again, so they made a long pad shape. That is eight layers of microfiber. I then put them inside the pullup. It was quite bulky! My cotton underwear held the pullup in place while dry, but it would not be able to keep it from sagging, so I added compression bike shorts that are really a size too small for me to really hold it in place. It would not be going anywhere. Then I reached in and pulled the open side tabs up and out both front and back, to make sure it was sitting in the correct position. Then I pulled the skort over top of everything. (The skort also has bike shorts, but these are more for decency than compression and are not tight enough to hold anything in place, lol). A long sleeved workout top and running shoes completed the outfit.

I'm lucky that the gym is in the same building as my apartment, so I didn’t put on any additional layers; I just walked downstairs.

The pullup and the extra padding was so bulky that it felt like I was waddling. I let the first dribble out while I was locking my apartment door, lol. I had to go so much that it came out more as a gush than a dribble, and it went on for much longer than I had intended before I was able to stop. I briefly considered chickening out, but figured I could always use the bathroom at the gym if things got out of hand.

In the first twenty minutes of my workout (incline walk on treadmill), I kept letting out dribbles that were more like gushes quite frequently, because I had to go so bad. Amazingly, the pullup absorbed it all! After a while I got quite comfortable and let the dribbles go on for much longer than I would have normally dared. This brought the fullness in my bladder down to a more comfortable level, but as hydrated as I was (and I kept drinking water), I kept getting the urge to dribble some more, and I did.

My workout was a little over an hour, and I kept dribbling throughout it all. I felt no wetness at all down the insides of my thighs, so I assumed I had not leaked. I could see nothing amiss in the mirrors either. The gym wasn’t busy, but I didn’t dare do a closer inspection.

When I was done, I skipped my usual stretching, for obvious reasons, and just walked back up to my apartment. In the stairwell, I ran into one of my neighbors, and we made smalltalk for a couple of minutes. I was intensely aware of how sopping wet I was under my skort, but I think I managed to sound semi-normal.

When I got to my floor, I stopped for a minute and just emptied my bladder completely, fully expecting a leak. Granted, my bladder wasn’t very full anymore, but I had been intermittently soaking the pullup for more than an hour already. No leaks! It was amazing.

As I unlocked my door, I remembered that I had a job thing I needed to respond to. It was a little time sensitive, but it could have waited until after my shower. I decided to tackle it immediately, just to sit in my soggy pullup a little bit longer. It felt so good! The bulk was unbelievable!

I handled the job thing in 45 minutes, and by then my bladder had filled a little again, so I just relaxed and went for it. I peed for what seemed like forever, but still no leaks!

I didn’t take any photos, so sadly there is no documentary evidence of the best workout I’ve had in ages, but I inspected my butt closely in the mirror before I got cleaned up. The pullup bulged quite impressively, and it looked like I had managed to fill it completely, all the way to the top of the padding both front and back. I think that’s because the cloth pad wicks wetness outwards, through itself, so that wetness seeped through evenly across the entire length of the pad, instead of entering the pullup directly from a single stream. It was so bulky that I actually weighed it before I put it in the garbage; it weighed well over a pound, lol. Not bad for a children’s pullup!

So, yeah! Unmitigated success! I will definitely be doing this again in the future!

*005*2024-11-06 16:38

I added my update above, in the original post, so that everything is together. 😄

{{1 hour ago, wetgarth said:

I do love sneaky and discrete omo adventures

}}

Sneaky and discrete is my thing! I want the fun, but I don’t want anyone to know about it, lol. Well, except maybe people on here...

{{3 hours ago, Wet-Robert said:

I would also love to try diapers, but never had the courage to buy some

}}

They are definitely practical when you want to be naughty, but don’t want to deal with as much cleanup! I found buying children’s pullups to be less intimidating (I have yet to work up the courage to buy adult ones), because nobody’d assume they were for me, and I’m the right age to perhaps have children who would need them.

Online purchases are out of the question, because I *don’t* want a paper trail connecting my name and credit card to a diaper purchase when, as far as anyone knows, I don’t need them. So it’s cash and in person for me, which is a bit scary. My plan is to go to a pharmacy in an area of town where nobody knows me. Maybe my success today will be the thing that pushes me to actually go through with it?

