After effects of 3 days bursting

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-01-05 18:57

Well those of you who follow me regularly knew this thread was coming: holding to bursting over and over almost always leaves me with some fun consequences the day after. Two days holding to my absolute bursting max until I wet myself plus a 6 hour hold the day after (again, until I wet myself of course) has been no exception. These after effects always clear up within about 24 hours btw and I always give my bladder a rest and embrace them to make sure I get back to normal🙂

- my bladder is definitely filling up faster than usual, after 1 or 2 small glasses of water I find myself squirmy and feeling a nice pressure, and either dashing to the toilet or immediately wetting by choice

- leaks are certainly easier to come by than usual, I had some on the way to the toilet last night and this morning and can pretty much expect a dribble or two if I try to hold over a 6/10

- my bladder is more sensitive to slight pressure, basically makes me leak on command

- dull soreness in my bladder but this is very slight and kinda tingly (not a bad feeling, had it before)

- I woke up to pee twice last night, the second time I wasn't very full so I released a slow trickle in my sheets and slept soundly

I'll keep you guys updated but as of now I'm keeping my bladder happy by wetting whenever I have a small urge and embracing the leaks (I love this aspect when it can be planned for, its exciting to not know when I'll feel a little squirt!🤭🌧️)

*002*2023-01-05 19:11

{{1 minute ago, Supersoak said:

Im pretty much doing the same, giving my bladder muscles a break by peeing whenever I feel the slightest bit of need, i have a towel where im sitting over a trash bag and another to clean any puddles I make 😁

}}

Are you finding yourself leaking a lot by accident too or is that just me? I tend to leak in my day to day life too so I'm kinda used to it

*005*2023-01-05 19:21

My other post-hold after-effects threads

$/79637-my-post-rapid-desperation-morning/

$/79684-after-effects-part-2/

{{4 minutes ago, Supersoak said:

More like I feel like a need to pee often so when i feel like Im done and I stop pushing but pee just seems to coming like I have a lot more than I expect so when I go it EMPTYs everything

}}

Haha yep, welcome to post hold (temporary) incontinence. It's wet but very welcoming here 🙂

*007*2023-01-05 22:46

{{45 minutes ago, wettingman said:

Like you after a day(s) of holding my pee I have to pee frequently the next few days. Furthermore , the urge is uncontrollably strong. I go from a slight need nearly leaking in a minute. In fact I likely will dribble a bit as I rush to the toilet. This is very inconvenient if I am out somewhere. So, yea after holding until I wet I take some time off to give my bladder a rest. Most recently I participated in the first never have I ever contest, the day after I held for a video I made. The result : unwanted leaks. So I skipped the next one.

}}

This does sound very fun (to me), if you were able to plan for it and enjoy it. If not, I could imagine it being inconvenient. Usually if I have to go out the day after a few days of holds I'll wear an incontinence pad for peace of mind

*008*2023-01-05 23:14

Update: about 8 hours into my day I'd say I'm mostly back to normal control now.

Of course I'm already thinking ahead to when I could try a long hold like that again😈 - here are my ideas for omo things I want to try in the future:

A) Extending my long hold capacity to 8 hours next time (or hold a larger volume for 6 hours - I did about 22 oz last time)

B) Try holding my morning pee, which technically means starting at an 8 hour hold out of the gate, definitely an added challenge.

C) Do rapid desperation again, which I haven't done in a while. Extra fun because I get super bursting and tend to keep filling up over and over and pee myself 3 or 4 times each hold.

D) Try going to bed with an almost full bladder (perhaps one day this could be after a day-long hold or before holding my morning pee the next day)

Any suggestions which I should try next time?

*010*2023-01-08 05:45

{{On 1/5/2023 at 10:48 PM, UrineLover1 said:

Sorry to hear about these nasty after effects. It is good to rest and recover after something like this! You know, most people would recover by just going to the toilet. But I agree with you. Wetting yourself is much better! Lol

Personally, I love all four options! But if I had to pick one, I’d vote for d. That would be cool to try/watch I think. Whatever you do, I’m sure it will be awsome! 😊

}}

Its all good, I was back to normal within half a day, and this is usual for me. As long as I give myself a rest I'm okay!

Also I sorta tried d) - didn't end up being able to fall asleep full but I did hold my morning pee for most of the next day (my total hold including 8 hours of sleeping was 17.5 hours)

*011*2023-01-09 08:50

{{On 1/8/2023 at 1:40 AM, Wwtmyselfagain said:

Its fun to just keep your bladder empty😄

}}

As long as its going in your pants yeah! almost as fun as keeping it full

