First time leaking & accident

Author: WetTW

*000*2023-04-10 01:37

Hi y’all, I’ve been a lurker for a while and I want to share about myself and today’s events as part of myself being more active in this community. (Sorry about formatting, I’m on mobile.)

Introduction:

I’m a closeted pre-everything trans woman, so that means I’m I haven’t even begun my transition yet. I live in a mostly republican state (Indiana, USA), and am not currently able to get a visit to my doctor for a diagnosis for a while due to insurance reasons. I’m currently living at my parents until I’m done with education and can move somewhere safer. They are democrats so they seem to be very supportive of the LGBT community from what I have observed, but I still am nervous about coming out to them. I’ve seen many trans people on this site, so it’s great to see a positive representation of us here.

Background to story:

It’s a Sunday and I’m a bit bored working on my computer, so I think “why not do a actual hold until I have an accident?” I’ve tried this many times before, but always chickened out when it started to hurt a lot. However this time I wore some green cotton panties and some black leggings which tightly (but comfortably) hugged my legs, lower belly, but most importantly my bladder. This is very important to the story.

Anyways, let’s get to the story:

At around 3:30 P.M., I decided to begin a hold and drunk 36 ounces of water since I already was feeling a bit thirsty. At this point I haven’t used the restroom in 2 hours, so I was at a 5/10 in terms of bladder fullness. I don’t know if it was the caffeine I had earlier, but I was quickly getting fuller by the minute. By 3:45 or 3:50 I was a 8/10 and quickly approaching max capacity. The leggings I was wearing definitely added a bit of pressure to my bladder and made it even harder to not leak. So I, a bit turned on, decide to get a belt and set it as tight as I can to see how it feels. This didn’t add much, so I grabbed a plastic container lid and pushed against my bladder and desk. This made it so when I leaned forward, it would push harder into my bladder, and leaning back put less pressure into it. I loved this, I found a perfect balance between pain and pleasure.

By 4:00 P.M., I was at a new limit in which I didn’t ever think I could make it to. I was squirming, and literally could not stay in place! I hadn’t yet leaked, but I could feel the pee in my urethra. At this point, I had a simple plan: hold until I wet in my leggings. They are black, don’t absorb anything, dry quickly, and show almost nothing, so I thought they are perfect to wet in and hide until I can do laundry the next day. However, this is where it fell apart, they sent me a message saying that they are willing to pay me if I clean their cars. Over-estimating my bladder capabilities, I agree and stand up. When I did, a wave of desperation washed over me, and I quickly bent down and grabbed my crotch so I wouldn’t leak.

I thought about letting a little out in the toilet so I wouldn’t leak while cleaning, but decided against it. I put on my Nike women’s sweatpants as I definitely wouldn’t want to be seen wearing leggings. It was 50*F out and they are very thick cotton, so I thought it wouldn’t be suspicious at all. After checking myself out in the mirror, I decided to remove my belt as it showed. Removing it did not help much with my desperation though. Heading downstairs, I walk very slowly and keep my legs crossed as I walk to the garage. I was super excited on the inside as I never had felt like this before.

After getting outside, it felt nice, especially with my dual layers of clothing. It was now about 4:15 and I had just finished hooking and setting everything up to begin cleaning. I had walked over to my Mom’s van to begin cleaning but felt a huge wave of desperation and doubled over while I opened the doors. Getting started with cleaning, I had to hold the vacuum hose with one hand while I used the other to support myself. I was tucked so I couldn’t just rest my crotch against something to apply pressure as it was a ver specific spot I would need to grab. It was at this moment I had my very first leak ever, it was not even half a second and was contained by my panties. However this made me so excited and nervous at the same time, I was excited in that I had leaked for the first time, but nervous in how I was so close to having in accident in which I couldn’t hide.

As I finished the drivers side, I had my 2nd and 3rd leak. These were both around half a second or a bit more but I immediately stopped and grabbed myself. That’s when I realized my pants were a bit damp in the crotch area. I looked down and it was barley noticeable. I reassured myself that it was fine and I could go and have an accident in my room privately once I was done with the passenger side.

Cleaning the passenger seat and second row seats went fine, however once I bent down to grab a water bottle in the back seats, everything had gone downhill even more. I had a 2 second leak which I could barely stop. My panties are thin so didn’t absorb much, just like my leggings. This meant everything ended up on my sweats. The only problem is that it created a huge wet spot on my sweatpants in the crotch area. Noticing this, I decided to stop so I could go and finish up in my bathroom.

I however had to lock the doors and place the vacuum back in the garage before I went back inside due to recent thefts in the area. This slowed me down and as I did this, I kept leaking uncontrollably. These leaks were small but unstoppable. (In retrospect, thinking about the feeling is weird. It’s like peeing full force but with no other feeling, like air from the bathroom, hands, etc. It was just the feeling from the fabrics and warmth of the pee.) At this point, I wasn’t even thinking about it, I was just trying to stop it while I put stuff away.

Eventually the leaks slowed but I had wet spots going down to my thighs that turned the pants dark gray. (With just a small leak, they were barely noticeable with a tad bit of different color. Medium leaks yielded medium gray which spread out widely.) At this point, I was terrified and ran inside and upstairs to my room; where as soon as I bust into the bathroom and saw my toilet, I completely started losing control. Without thinking I hopped into the shower while still trying to stop the flow. This was to no avail and I kept peeing full force into my leggings and sweatpants. The feeling created by this was amazing, I have never felt anything like this or as good as this before. The pure relief as I kept peeing full force for over a minute and a half was amazing. It is indescribable.

After taking a moment to breathe and reflect I checked out the damage, (see photos), and it was astonishing. These pants were lose and baggy (as to avoid causing dysphoria), but still captured so much pee that I thought went down my legs. I then pulled down the sweat pants and check themed out: they were definitely soaked front and back, and I was so turned on seeing this. However I still had to finish up the cars, so I made sure I was still tightly tucked and re-wore my wet panties and leggings along with a fresh pair of sweatpants to hide my leggings. I then gave myself a quick look in the mirror and went on my way to finish up the cars.

It was now 4:40, as I worked on my Dad’s car, I felt a weird sensation in my bladder which quickly was followed by a urge to pee. I ignored it, but it soon became unbearable even though it was just 25 minutes since I had wet myself. I kept ignoring it until I felt a leak, so I just pulled my sweats down and peed full force into my leggings while squatted in the grass. This turned me on so much. By the time I was done cleaning, I could have an orgasm in my pants if I wanted to.

By 5:50, I was done and decided to let go in my leggings in the grass again. I came inside and took a shower in leggings and panties to wash the pee off. Laying them out to dry, I took pictures of my sweatpants and began writing this story.

It’s about 9:30, now and I think I have perfected my recount. I’m still shocked about this whole event as I have always thought I had a bladder of steel and could never wet myself or ever have an accident. My decades long streak is now broken and hopefully will stay that way as I explore myself and omo more.

&&

&&

