I Completely Unintentionally Peed On/In My Pants At Work

Author: WatchMeWiggle

*000*2021-04-13 00:49

Hello. My Name is Dennis, and this is my first post here and I wanted to share what happened to me this morning at work. This a completely real story and I wanted to post it while I could remember all of the little details. I decided to attach pictures of what I was wearing because I appreciate it when other people put outfit pictures in their posts. It paints a better picture than any amount of text ever could. A little bit more background information about me is I'm 24 years old, just graduated college and started an awesome engineering job in a new state. I'd like to describe myself as attractive, and have an unintentionally flirty personally (as my girlfriend would say). As far as Omorashi stuff goes I enjoy playing the role of being a well dressed man with an achingly full bladder not being able to sit still and knowing that women are enjoying what they're seeing. The embarrassment really gets me going, and even typing this out is making me blush like crazy.

$$

Pink and blue plaid shirt with light grey dress pants.

$$

The underwear that I was wearing. This is my favorite style and the cut is known as "hip briefs". Much more flattering that basic briefs in my opinion!

Moments after this story happened I texted it to my girlfriend. I've decided to keep the story in it's raw "text messenger" form; However when I was texting it to her she interrupted and replied back several times before I could finish the story; I've decided to leave her comments in. Please keep in mind that I am an engineer, and not a writer! Enjoy!

###

Dennis: I just completely unintentionally peed on/in my pants a little bit...

Lacey: Can you tell?

Dennis: So we had a quick little meeting and right after I felt the need to go to the bathroom. I worked at my computer for about 10 minutes but it very quickly became an emergency. I drank a new lemon flavored tea this morning and something about it made me have to go really quickly. I noticed that my knee was bounding up and down and decided it was time to get up and go. It felt like my bladder filled up in seconds. I walked to the bathroom and to my horror the cleaning lady was in there! I went back to my desk to wait a little bit and had to cross my legs really tightly under desk hoping that my coworker wouldn't notice that my legs were pretzeled together and bounding up and down. I was officially potty dancing in my chair at work. I kept looking at the clock begging the time to go by sooner but the minutes dragged on. After 10 minutes I couldn't wait anymore.

I went back to the bathroom to go check if the cleaning lady was done yet. When I walked up to the bathroom my heart sank when I saw that the cleaning lady was still in the men's room and there was another well dressed woman standing outside talking to her. The well dressed woman could probably tell how desperate I was because she looked at me and said "I think some people need to use the restroom!" to the cleaning lady. When she said that I was too embarrassed to say anything. I froze up. My brain screamed "ask if you could use the women's room!!!" but I felt so awkward I pretended that I wasn't about to wet myself and walked right past them down the hallway and out the door of the office. I decided to go to my car and try to find a bottle to pee in because I didn't have any other option at that point.

Lacey: Uh oh! And you're wearing light pants too? That's so risky

Dennis: When I got to my car I desperately looked for a empty water bottle. The entire time I was shaking my butt in the car seat, rapidly opening and closing my legs, bouncing up and down, and doing anything I could trying to not wet my pants. I finally found a water bottle and quickly took out my penis and pressed it against the tiny mouth opening. I couldn't believe I was doing this in the parking lot at work. 

"why do they make the mouth openings so small now? This is hard to pee in even for men." I thought. I tried to pee but the angles were all off and the pee wouldn't come out because my penis was bent in such a way I guess it was kinked like a garden hose. I tried and tried but only a few quick jets of pee would come out. I finally gave up but could still feel pee in the tube of my urethra, so I to very carefully tried to put the bottle down and put my penis back into my pants. Just as I moved the bottle out of the way another jet shot out and sprayed my leather seat between my legs.

Lacey: That sounds so embarrassing! Hope nobody saw you peeing in a bottle

Dennis: Within a millisecond I lifted my butt up to avoid the pee rolling back and soaking the seat of my pants. Another dribble of pee came out and shot straight up in the air and a few drops came back down and landed on the crotch of my grey pants leaving a wet patch. I very quickly shoved my penis back in my pants, only buckling my belt without zipping up, and start speed walking towards the wood. I was praying nobody would be walking on the trails back there. I speed shuffled deeper in the woods to get out of sight of the office building while grabbing at my belt begging to finally let go. Off in the distant I see two women on the trail walking my direction. I figured that if I pee fast enough I'll have just enough time to not get caught by them and see my embarrassing situation.

Without having time to think about how embarrassed I would be if someone saw me peeing anywhere a toilet, I whip out my penis and see that I have already been dribbling because drops were now hitting the pine straw and leaves as soon at I get myself out of my pants. With my back turns toward the walkers on the trail I peed forcefully and surprised myself with how much pressure the stream was hitting the ground right between my feet and making the most satisfying puddling and tricking sound ever. I felt like I let a gallon of pee out. I noticed how it was mostly clear and had a slightly yellow tint to it. As soon as I got done I zipped up and walked back towards the office like nothing happened. I hoped my face wasn't too red when I walked back inside. After sitting at my for a few minutes I noticed that my briefs were damp. I must have been dribbling during my dash from the car to the woods....

Lacey: Did anybody know you peed your pants? were you all flustered and red?

Dennis: I don't think so. My pants were mostly dry by the time I got back to the office. And yeah I my face felt hot walking back inside. I need to throw my pants in the laundry when I get home and I have to sit in wet underwear for the rest of the day.

###

Let me know if you want to hear more of my stories! I have a few about driving home from work in the car (my favorite omorashi scenario). Feel free to ask me anything!

*003*2021-04-14 22:58

Thank you!

*006*2021-07-12 22:01

{{On 4/14/2021 at 1:33 PM, Nazca1 said:

Gorgeous story.

}}

Thank you for reading! Sorry of the late reply

{{On 5/3/2021 at 4:18 PM, CofS said:

That's really hot. If you were ten years older and worked with me, I'd find it a huge turn on knowing a colleague got that desperate! I had a boss that would deliberately (I think) wait too long to use the bathroom and make it pretty obvious that he needed to go in meetings and I loved sitting next to him. I wasn't the only person who noticed, as it was a sort of running joke among a couple of people. He turned out to be a not very nice person in the end, which ruined it a bit. But for the first few months I worked there I loved going into the office every day in case we had a meeting! It's definitely a lot more taboo when it's at work, as everyone is in 'professional' mode (and guys are normally in smart clothes, which makes it even more of a turn on for some reason).

}}

I'm glad you liked it! Sorry of the late reply; I just now learned how to reply to comments.

It definitely is an erotic experience looking back on it, but at the time I was so embarrassed! Every time I put on those grey pants I think about how my wet spot and how I almost totally lost it at work...

*007*2021-07-12 22:10

{{On 4/15/2021 at 12:49 AM, BladderLad said:

Great account- would love to hear about your car desperation

}}

I'll be sure to share! those grey pants from the story above may be unlucky because the time I almost didn't make it home I was wearing the same thing!

{{On 5/3/2021 at 7:06 PM, kilianj74 said:

Great story especially with lots of detail and your girlfriend's comments - at least you averted major disaster! Always interested in male desperation and car desperation - I also have a car desperation story and know how uncomfortable it can be.

}}

I love stories with a lot of detail. I wrote this story the way I thought other people would enjoy all of the details.

