Public wetting dare part 2!

Author: Wet Mandy

*000*2017-04-12 04:43

For those who’ve been waiting—here it is!

When I left off, I had just completely soaked my jeans right in front of a gas station attendant. It was exhilarating and terrifying and so positively arousing! So I got home more excited than ever for my subway show and threw my dirty clothes in the dryer. Then I started putting together another outfit. For my pants, which obviously is the most important, I picked out my beige, AE skinny jeans. They’re pretty old, thick, and, like all my favorite jeans, comfortably tight and exceptionally form-fitting. (They also have a pretty big inseam which rubs ever so sensually against my bare pussy when I go commando!) I also put on a black belt, a white baseball tee with blue, elbow-length sleeves, and some grey converse. This is the kind of thing I’d wear to class, which I ride the subway to, so I thought it’d seem innocent enough. At this point the only thing left to do was to wait and hydrate myself to the breaking point.

Even when I got home I had already started feeling some urinary pressure. I had been drinking all morning and what hadn’t made its way on to the floor of the gas station was starting to fill up my bladder. But I wasn’t going to leave this to chance, obviously, so I downed a couple glasses of cranberry juice, some more tea, and the oldest stand-by: water. It’s pretty amazing how much your kidneys can filter in such a short amount of time. By 3:30 I was past the point where I would have headed to the bathroom. And by 4:30 I ran out of the house, desperate to get this show going just so I could feel the relief! My jeans were feeling tight and if I unbuttoned and unzipped them you could clearly see my bulging bladder. I drove off to the subway station, about 10 to 12 minutes away from my house, squirming and firmly holding my crotch the whole time, and made my way down the stairs to the terminal.

Initially I was taken aback by how crowded it already was. I started to worry about whether or not I could muster my courage and do it! I tentatively hopped on a train going into the city, which wasn’t that crowded and tried to calm myself down. I sat on that car for about 5 stops just observing the people around me. Every now and then I could catch someone’s eye before they quickly aborted the interaction and looked away. Along the way potent waves of desperation hit me and I’d have to wiggle my foot or tap my heel against the ground with my legs firmly crossed to relieve the pain. I tried to imagine how I’d feel if I wet myself right then and started to panic. At the fifth stop I realized I couldn’t do it and to just go home—or at least pee myself in the parking lot next to my car. I gave up and decided to exit the train and get on the return line. My confidence was pretty low.

When I stood up gravity hit me—hard! But, doubled-over and with my hands tightly wound against my sensitive crotch, I remained in control. I managed to step off the train before the doors closed and made my way across the terminal to wait for the train going the opposite way. It felt like it took forever! I had to stand with my legs crossed and my hands in my back pockets to keep from fidgeting too obviously. But I couldn’t for the life of me stop from bouncing on my knees and tapping my feet. I noticed that my strange behavior was starting to draw attention. Still I had lost all confidence and was set on getting the hell out of this crowded place.

The train pulled up and opened its doors. Nobody got off. I looked at my phone and saw that it was almost exactly 5: the peak of rush hour. There was no place to sit inside. And after my near accident on the last train I was almost relieved. Standing was hard but standing up from a seat was almost impossible. Thankfully there was an open pole to cling to in the middle of the aisle. It was also in the middle of a lot of people. To one side of me there was a clean-shaven guy that looked to be in his early twenties and to my other side was a woman about my age. I deiced to stand facing the guy and wrapped one arm tightly around the pole and reached over my abdomen with my other hand to strengthen my grip. These trains got lurchy at times. So with one foot directly in front of the other, heel to toe, my weight totally shifted onto my back leg, and my thighs firmly pressed together, I braced myself against the cold, metal pole for the long trip home.

There were a few moments of desperation on the way back. Nothing some less-than-discreet crotch grabbing and a firm grip couldn’t handle though! On the way to my second to last stop I was already feeling disappointed at my failure. I knew there was still opportunity but in my mind the decision had been made. ‘At least I managed to pee my pants at the gas station today,’ I thought. I noticed that the guy in front of me stole some glances every now and then when he thought I wasn’t looking. I’ve been around long enough to know that look men have. But I took it as a compliment and averted his gaze to let him stare.

At times I had to turn my head away just to hide my strained face. When the train came to a stuttering stop and opened its doors only a few people got off. I just stood there, feeling the guys eyes move up and down my body. It was turning me on. Suddenly, as soon as the doors closed, a wave of desperation struck me and my hand swiftly darted back to my crotch. Just then the train lurched forward and I had to grab the pole again to keep balance. Wrong move.

An eruption of warmth shot around my pussy. It only lasted for a moment but there was already glistening dark spot at the base of my crotch. For a split second I thought I had regained my composure. But again I spurted uncontrollably. More warmth. I was mortified but also really turned on and utterly relieved! It continued spurting out of me in long, forceful gushes. I really was trying to regain control but only ever managed to for a split second. It really made for an authentic wetting! Spurt by spurt, piss began pooling around the base of my fly and shooting up to my waistband. Hot pee shot to the sides of my thighs along the scrunched wrinkles of my jeans and down my legs. I clenched my teeth and felt my face blush intensely.

Piss was finding its way under my ass and up my butt crack. With my eyes shut tight, I tried to cease my pelvic convulsions. My bladder was torn between the relief it was feeling upon release and the desperate signals my brain was sending to it to stop! I felt warm piss fall down my pant legs and drip off the ends onto my feet. The train raged on and I dared one last look at myself. The front of my jeans were soaked and the streams against my legs were quickly becoming one big stain! The floodgates had been opened and all my efforts were clearly in vain.

I looked up and saw the guy staring, wide-eyed but otherwise expressionless, at my crotch which was probably only a foot in front of him. (In hindsight I’m worried there might have been a stench). Other people had started to notice too. So, well beyond the point of no return and with all their eyes on me, I relaxed my bladder muscles. Pee was freely flowing out of me now and all I could do was hang my head in embarrassment (but really I didn’t want anybody to spot the excited gleam in my eye!) I was worried at that point that somebody would try to talk to me—either to comfort me or chastise me. But people just sat there silently.

If you read my last story then you know that this is pretty much exactly what I had theorized would happen. People don’t like confronting others any more than they like being confronted. So they all just sat and stood there silently, stealing glances to watch me flood my jeans. My converse were soaked and the puddle around my feet hardly got a chance to form before streaming to the back of the train. People who noticed subtly moved their feet aside so as not to get in its way. The train started slowing down for my last stop. I had just peed for the whole minute and half it took to go between stations. And I was still going! When the doors slid opened I walked out of there as fast as I could, careful not to bump anyone with my wet jeans.

Walking up the stairs and through the station was equally exhilarating! Some people noticed, (I heard a couple of kids point it out to their parents!) but I was surprised at how many didn’t. My skinny jeans were more brown than beige at this point and you could really only see their original color at the bottoms of my calves and the sides of my legs. Interested, I stopped just short of the exit and stood there a moment.

Walking had help me cut the stream but I knew I still had enough in me, piss and gusto, to make one more push! I gasped silently and pretended to feel another uncontrollable convulsion. With a forceful flex, one last warm, wet stream gushed out of me. My jeans glistened where it flowed. People passed me left and right as if nothing was the matter. Satisfied, I walked briskly to me car and spread my towel on my seat.

When I sat down and closed the door, I yanked down my zipper, pushed my fingers into my yawning fly and down against my pussy, and started passionately rubbing my clit. I got home in time to throw my pee-stained clothes into the washer and clean myself off before my husband got there. Writing about this has really driven home how amazing last week was! I’m also pleasantly surprised that a lot of you seem to really like my writing just as much as the content! I took a creative writing class in college but never really practiced writing other than journaling on occasion.

Anyways, thanks for reading and if you have any ideas throw them my way! I work part-time four days a week in an office and usually get home around 1:30. I also go to masters classes on Monday and Wednesday nights so there’s ample opportunity to play around with this fetish! I’ll tell my husband about it eventually but right now I’m getting a lot of satisfaction from exploring it on my own! So, like I said, give me some ideas—I haven’t tried anything since this and I’m really excited to do more!

