College girlfriend experience

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2017-03-05 09:48

This happened during my junior year of college. I was dating a girl named Victoria at the time. For those who would like a physical description, she was a tall slim brunette, probably about 5'8ish. She was part latino and had absolutely gorgeous skin and beautiful brown eyes. On this night she was wearing tight jeans. They were a pretty average color, not super light but not very dark. Fair warning this is a story of real accidental wetting and she didn't just laugh it off, she was pretty upset about it. It's not really something that I personally find super arousing because I was there and cared about her, and I've struggled to find the will to even type it up, but I know it is something that I would love to anonymously read about so I'll share.

On the night in question we went to a party at my friends house. It was on the other side of the neighborhood of students that I lived in, so about a 10 - 15 minute walk. My friend's apartment had a super small living area, the party was mostly going on the backyard even though this was early fall and it was getting a little chilly at night. We were there for probably an hour and a half or so until it eventually got late and people started to leave. I didn't even see Victoria for much of the party as we were off doing our own thing. I was honestly pretty drunk, I would learn later that she had only had 2 cups of beer, so she was pretty sober, but beer did have a tendency to go right through her usually pretty strong bladder. At that time we had been dating for about 2 months and she had pretty much never mentioned an urgent need to pee, in fact I don't think I had ever even seen her use a public bathroom at that point.

So we ran into each other just as it was about time to leave, she mentioned that she was going to the bathroom, but when I told her I was planning on leaving she quickly agreed, not mentioning the bathroom at all. Most of the apartment was blocked off so there was only 1 available bathroom which had a group of people hanging around out side of it, so it was obvious that just getting back to my apartment would be faster.

So we head outside where we immediately run into a bunch of people that I knew. We stood and talked to them for probably 20 minutes. Vic was unusually quiet and kept gently squeezing my hand, but I was drunk and had completely forgotten that she had mentioned in passing that she was headed to the bathroom and wasn't really registering her hand squeezing as a plea to get moving.

So we finally start heading back to my apartment, and immediately once we are away from the group she leans into me, squeezes my arm and quietly says "I have to pee sooooo bad". She sounded exasperated like she was out of breath. Now of course she had my attention as I had never really heard her talk about an urgent need to pee like this before. I wasn't super turned on since I felt kind of guilty now realizing it was my fault for holding her up for so long, although I did kind of fantasize about seeing her rush to the bathroom when we got home, then seeing her relief when she came out and moving on to some other things. ;)

Anyway, her condition quickly got worse, she was actually having a hard time walking which was not helping us get home faster. She was breathing weird and could not keep her hands still, she was moving her hands around constantly like crazy, touching me, touching her stomach, going in and out of her back pockets, touching her face, rubbing her inner thy like she was scratching an inch... she was even occasionally using her thumb to pull on the wasteband of her jeans. She had a look of agony on her face and was sweating a bit even though it was like 50 degrees outside. She kept telling me how bad she had to go and that she might actually piss herself.

We were probably a little more than halfway home when she stopped and shoved her hand down her pants. She had the most awful look on her face, she was starting to cry and was looking around like something was going to appear and save her. I didn't see anyone around and there was a semi secluded little area between 2 houses, I put my hand on her back under her shirt/jacket and her lower back was covered in sweat, I guided over to the spot and told her to just go. I took off my jacket and held it to up like a curtain to try and block her from view from the street as best I could.

She didn't waste any time, she ripped her jeans down into a squat and before she was even in position began gushing. I've had pees like that before, it was one of those super urgent, clear as water pees that just went on and on and on... until 10 seconds or so into her pee when the side door of the house opened and few drunk college kids started to come out. They weren't coming out because of her, it was just bad timing, they probably never even realized what was happening because she immediately pulled up her pants and walked right around me back onto the street and started quickly walking towards home.

I turned to follow her and saw that she had clearly not been able to cut the stream off right away and had soaked her jeans pretty badly. She was speed walking now, her hands straight down at her sides, fists clenched, head down. She was walking so fast I could barely keep up with her. We were home within a few minutes, she was breathing hard and wouldn't take her eyes away from the ground as I unlocked the door, thankfully my roommate was not home, she walked right past me and went straight into my bathroom and slammed the door. I felt compelled to follow her and stood outside while she finished the rest of her pee which went for over 30 seconds. Realizing how fast my heart was racing I went down the hall to cool off and give her a minute to calm down.

After like 5 minutes she hadn't come out so I went to check on her, I knocked and she told me to come in, she was standing in my shower still in her wet jeans, crying, she apologized and weakly asked me if she could borrow some sweats and take a shower. I got her the clothes, gave her a hug and tried to reassure then went and laid on my bed while she showered and tried to process the last 15 minutes. I had just seen something that I had fantasized about since grade school, but all I could feel was really guilty that I held her up after the party, and I tried to think of what I could say to make her less embarrassed.

When she came out of the shower she stood in front of the door to my room like she needed an invitation to sleep in my bed with me. We laid together for hours because she was too upset to sleep, I told her that no one else had really seen anything, and that I didn't care. I shared a story about I had trusted a fart and crapped myself less than a year before, she did eventually calm down, she left quickly in the morning but was back to her old self a couple days later, although we never talked about it again as long as we were together, although she was slightly more open about talking about pee after that.

*002*2017-03-08 09:19

I don't think she was traumatized to badly, she was back to her normal self the next time I saw her. I think she was just embarrassed because it was still a pretty new relationship. She was much less shy about peeing after that actually and there was another time that she actually willingly peed outside while I was there. But yeah I did feel kind of guilty about it and it was probably a pretty shitty night for her.

