I Peed During Class Today...

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-05-30 22:07

Hey guys,

So I haven't posted on here in forever, I know, I know. I figured no one wants to hear about me peeing my pants intentionally, as I do it whenever I can anyways. Plus I sort of forgot this website existed, and the times that I've had accidents, I've forgotten to post about. But I had an accident today in class, and I think it's worth sharing.

Keep in mind, I don't mind accidents, it turns me on even more than me intentionally peeing in my pants. But when it comes to peeing in front of people, like in public, I always get so humiliated, as most people would.

Yes. I peed my pants in class today. Yes. I was super embarrassed. But I think you all may enjoy hearing about this.

I was wearing these cute black leather cowgirl boots, with gray skinny jeans on, and a sweatshirt, just in case anyone wanted to know.

So I was in my CP English class today, and it was toward the end of the day. I usually pee when I wake up in the morning, but I woke up late, and had to rush out of my dorm really fast to make it to first period. It's final exam season right now, and I can't begin to tell you how busy I've been studying. It's come to the point where I have to study my ass off at lunch, too. So needless to say, I had NO time to take a piss today.

Like I said, I was in last period toward the end of the day. I walked into the classroom, and I was already really needing to pee. I would have went during lunch, but since I'm starting to fail some of my classes, I didn't have the time to even run to the bathroom real quick.

I was fidgety during class while I was studying. All I could do was cross my legs, and look at my computer screen while my mind and bladder were screaming at me, "GO TO THE FUCKING BATHROOM". I was working on a practice exam, like a dummy test so we knew what to expect on the real final exam. Everyone was involved in their work. I didn't want to be that idiot to just walk out, because the way the classroom is set up, I would make a huge scene. On the contrary...wetting my pants in front of my classmates didn't seem like a hot idea at the moment.

I began tapping my foot and bouncing my leg. "Molly, are you okay?" my friend whispered to me. I guess she could see the desperate and anxious look on my face.

"I really have to piss," I whispered back.

"So go pee!"

"No, I really need to study, like honestly I'll be fine at the end of class when I go," I said. The thought of the urine built up in my bladder getting emptied into a toilet- where it belongs- only seemed like a dream to me. I began sweating and getting more and more anxious. It came to the point where I couldn't even type on my computer anymore, I had to keep both hands in between my crotch. At one point, my professor looked over at me, and I had to pretend like I was doing my work, so I started typing again, but that led to a little bit of pee coming out, and making my panties fill up.

Finally, about two minutes before class would be let out, everyone began grabbing their backpacks and belongings. I couldn't stand up. My professor said, "Have a great day guys!" and walked out. While my classmates grabbed their backpacks and chatted among each other, I was still sitting. My friend eyed me.

"What are you doing?"

"I...I can't stand up..." I choked. My bladder hurt so much. It hasn't hurt this bad in forever. I was praying in my head "please don't pee...please don't pee....please don't pee..."

"What? Why can't you stand up? Are you okay?" Now at this point this caught the attention of some of my classmates and they stared.

"Look," I said, my eyes getting watery, "I really need to pee, and if I stand up then I'm going to piss everywhere."

"For crying out loud, Molly, just stand up and go to the bathroom, you'll be fine," my friend said.

I gulped, and slowly stood up with both of my hands between my legs, which were crossed. Finally, I built up the nerve to uncross them and make a run for it to the bathroom. Immediately as I uncrossed my legs, I began peeing. It all just came out. My ass was the first thing to get wet, and my thighs and inner legs started getting the damage control, too. As I bent forward, the fronts of my legs got soaked, and turned what was once gray jeans into black, wet, pants. I'd say I was peeing for a good 30 seconds until I was finally done. I stood there staring at my pants, with my mouth open, in shock. I couldn't even look up at anyone, I was so embarrassed, but I could feel so many eyes staring at me. A few people laughed and then soon everyone was out the door. My friend just said to me, "I-I didn't know you had to go so bad...I'll see you in the dorm later..."

Well, I'm glad that summer is coming soon, because I was so embarrassed and mad at myself. When I got to my dorm, taking off my soaked jeans made me only more humiliated at myself for letting this happen, and taking that shower afterwards made me really think about peeing first thing in the morning again. On another note, I don't have to pee anymore.

*010*2017-06-05 00:18

{{On 5/31/2017 at 2:06 AM, Luna said:

This is where I kinda face palmed myself reading. If I were you and I needed to go that badly, this is where I would have gone and not let myself in that humiliating situation.

}}

You figure I get off on holding as much as I can, plus like I said, I had no time to waste bc of exams

