First time through Omorashi Dungeon - Didn't get to finish how I wanted

Author: WetNWylde

*000*2023-07-10 13:24

(Sorry if its not great, this is my first post here. Bare with me)

So, I'm currently on summer break before I head off to Uni and I'm honestly bored to death so I decided to have some fun 😉. I've been wanting to try Omo dungeon for a while now but I've just not had the time until today. Thought it'd be even more interesting if I used coffee for the first 500ml and didn't pee before hand, this might have been my downfall though as I don't exactly have the best bladder capacity. I went into the challenge at around a 2/10 which I didn't see as too much of a problem and decided to play some MLB 23 to ass time time when there were timers. Got bored of MLB after about 15 minutes and switched over to some osu!, I also had to take another drink at this point and I was sitting at around a 2.5 close to a 3.

I was tempted to fill the bucket with pee but I decided to fill it from the river and drink 100ml, this didn't do much for the fact that I already kinda had to pee but we roll. Did a run through of Ascension to Heaven and then was time for another 100ml. It's interesting how much it affected my focus having to stop and drink every 5 minutes, I could barely play because I was thinking about having to drink. I was still sat around a 2.5, not quite a 3 yet when i took the third drink from the river. Still couldn't focus on my game though.

When I got to the first door, I was definitely at a 3 and I finished the water I got for the river. I used a pint glass that I got from a beer festival because it had line markings on it to help measure the amounts. I was also starting to get a bit horny but I decided that I couldn't have a wank until I either pissed myself or beat the dungeon. The waiting was difficult and the desperation shot up to around a 5/10, I'm thinking that this was the coffee hitting but I started squirming in my chair a bit. I also decided to put a pair of boxers on incase I leaked to save my joggers.

Decided to drink 200ml so that I wouldn't have to wait as long but it was a little difficult cause of everything. I was stupid horny and I had to go, it was torturous but I loved it. I was at a 6 at this point and I had drank around 1.3L, I definitely would've gone to the bathroom by this point normally but I was determined. I chose to do the agility challenge first because I knew it would be the hardest one for me to complete. The stretch was just uncomfortable but the jumping jacks felt like knives in my bladder. I almost leaked during the pushups but I made it through dry, the sit-ups made me have to potty dance but still no leaks. I was at a 7/10 by the end of the agility though. I got through the mind challenge okay because there weren't any water sounds and I'm not a super visual person but I still needed to squirm and keep my legs crossed to prevent any leakage.

As I was getting ready to start the endurance challenge my older brother came in to ask me something and he spooked me, enough to the point where I felt it coming out. Not wanting to make a mess in front of my brother I ran to the bathroom as fast as I could, pulling my joggers off as I went. I knew I wouldn't make it to the toilet and I wanted to at least get a wetting out of it so I jumped in the bath. As soon as I was in the tub, rivers of light golden piss burst out of me soaking my boxers and the bottom of my shirt. It felt glorious and even though my hold didn't go as planned and I'll definitely need to try omo dungeon again, I'm still pretty satisfied. As I'm typing this I'm in fresh clothes, relieved in more ways than one and my bladder is filling again. I do have to admit that having a planned hold turn into a genuine accident was terrifying and not something I think I want to repeat any time soon.

*002*2023-08-09 16:53

It’s here: https://milovana.com/webteases/showtease.php?id=47066

