Times i’ve lost control in college

Author: wettinggayboy

*000*2021-11-07 05:10

So for background I’m a 19 yr old bisexual guy in college right now. I live in on-campus dorms and have a roommate. I’ve had two experiences in the past month or so, I want to have many more but it’s very difficult not to get caught (as you’ll see).

Before I get started, I just want to mention I never do public wettings, I like to hold and wet but I’ve never been able to do it and ensure I’d get away with it. So these were truly accidental.

So this first experience happened 3-4 weeks ago. For context I was wearing black jeans, a hoodie and a flannel. It was a Friday night, some friends and I had decided to go to a performance near our school. We eat dinner in the dining hall every night and there’s a little store next door where we can buy a lot of groceries.

Around 7pm I was tired so I decided to grab an energy drink before the performance. I probably hadn’t used the restroom in 2-3 hours at that point but I didn’t feel an urge at all.

The performance was at 8pm, we arrived at 7:30pm and sat down in the auditorium. We just hung out during that time before the show started. Around two performances in (this was a dance showcase for our school) I started feeling a small urge. At this point it was only around a 6/10. Not bad enough to feel stressed yet but since we had around 2 hours to go in the performance I could tell my urge was going to increase.

Side note: at this performance I’d asked the girl I liked to come so she was sitting next to me (at this point we were friends and had hooked up twice) — we’ll call this girl Sarah

So half an hour later I’m starting to feel the urge at a 7/10. Still I wasn’t particularly worried but I was thinking about it more frequently. The performances were really good and I was mostly distracted, especially since I had my hand on Sarah’s thigh and she was running her fingers through my hair, I wasn’t really focused on my urge to pee.

By the time intermission hit I was around an 8.5 or 9/10. My bladder hurt and I’d been discreetly holding my dick at times. At this point I wasn’t completely sure I’d make it through the whole show but I’m pretty pee shy so I really didn’t want to get up during the performance and show everyone I had to pee. For the next half an hour, I had one hand on Sarah’s thigh, caressing her inner thigh, and my other hand on my dick.

Because Sarah and I were touching each other I started to get hard too. It helped get my mind a little bit off the desperation but I knew it wouldn’t last very long. Now I was hard but couldn’t pee even if I wanted to and it hurt. So I had to stop holding my dick too so that I could get a little softer — this increased my urge to a definite 9.5/10.

I saw Sarah paying more attention to me too so I had to pretend like everything was normal. As she ran her fingers through my hair, I relaxed a little, and immediately spurted in my pants. The warmth felt so good and the fleeting release made me want to keep going. I didn’t think it was enough to show on my pants especially since they were black but at this point I was really worried that I’d completely lose control — but with a somewhat visible boner and Sarah clinging to my hip, I found it impossible to get up and go.

The last 30 minutes of this performance was brutal. I spurted 2 or 3 more times before the end, having to quickly grab my dick to stop it. It mostly evaporated between spurts so it wasn’t visible and the warmth felt so good I was tempted to let go. The only reason I didn’t was probably Sarah sitting right there, I didn’t want to ruin my chances with her. Sarah asked me if I was okay and I said I was fine, she didn’t push it but she could definitely tell something was off.

So finally the show ended and we all emptied the theater. I thought I might be able to use the restroom right after but my friends were intent on going outside to talk to people so I just followed (big mistake…) and we stood outside for 5ish minutes talking before the bus came to take us back to our dorms.

The bus ride was only 10 minutes long but it felt like forever. Between the bumps, the motion, and the fact that I was at a 9.5/10, I’m lucky I didn’t do more damage to my pants. The whole ride, Sarah was holding my thigh, rubbing up and down it with her hand, making me so horny and desperate. For some reason I didn’t get a full boner either which was honestly frustrating since it probably would have helped me hold for a little longer.

There’s only one speed bump on the route back to our dorms. I wasn’t paying attention so when we hit it, I was trying to relax and take some pressure off, and hitting the bump caused a 2 second spurt to escape the end of my dick. The shine of the urine spread into a baseball sized spot on the right side of my black jeans, thankfully visible only to me since Sarah was on my left side.

When we got off the bus, we had to wait for the rest of our friends to congregate to talk about our plans for the rest of the night. With Sarah clinging to my arm, we gathered and started naming suggestions for where to go next. It was dark outside and I had my left arm around Sarah, and my right hand clenching my dick for dear life. During our short, 2-minute conversation I spurted twice more, each one spreading across my underwear and dripping down my thigh.

Finally we decided on going to Sarah’s dorm but I knew I wouldn’t make it there and I didn’t want to have an accident in front of my friends.

I steeled myself, removed my hand from my dick, turned to Sarah and told her I was going to my dorm for a second to put on shorts instead of jeans (since I’d probably be sleeping there that night :) it made sense to both of us). She nodded at me and I walked quickly away from the group, holding my dick again.

Walking took a little bit of the pressure off and I made it around 50 feet from my dorm building before the urge came back so strong I unexpectedly spurted in my pants again. I quickly regained control, at this point I was jogging to the door to the basement level, knowing I had to enter there to get to the family bathrooms where I was sure to avoid any friends I might run into while literally pissing my pants.

I scanned into the door, speed walking towards the family bathroom. Thankfully no one was in there, but let me tell you something about our dorms — the doors are f*cking heavy and slow. Like, a 10 yr old child probably could not open it heavy.

So I get into the bathroom, holding my dick, pushing with all my strength to get this f*cking door closed as I start spurting into my pants, warm jets of piss entering my red american eagle underwear and spreading across, dripping down my leg and into my sock, lasting 2 seconds, then 4 seconds, then 3 seconds, shoving this door closed, flipping the light switch on, I finally get the door closed and lock it. At this point I’m fully peeing straight into my black jeans, still holding onto my dick as if I can stop the stream. 

I’m pissing so hard that the stream is going through my jeans at this point and I fumble frantically at my belt, still not giving up hope. Within another 3 seconds I’m unbuttoning my pants, piss freely flowing down my legs, fishing out my semi hard dick and finally aiming it down into the toilet bowl. Despite the huge accident I had just had in my jeans, I still had quite a bit of pee left in me. I probably peed for 45 seconds, as soon as I finished I was so horny that I jerked off straight into the toilet bowl right after.

After I finish I get that clarity. Like, “why the f*ck did you just do that, now you have to clean all this up.”

I examine my jeans to see the damage. My underwear was soaked, my black jeans wet from crotch to ankle over most of my right leg. My socks were drenched too and my shoes even had some pee in them. In my head now I’m like f*ck, I need to change clothes and my roommates in my room, and I remember I’d done laundry earlier that day and it was fresh in the dryer waiting for me in the room just a few feet down the hall. So I check to make sure the hallway is clear, dash down, grab some underwear, shorts, and socks from the dryer, and re-enter the family bathroom. I change, cleaning myself up with paper towels, throw the wet clothes in the washing machine, and go to Sarah’s dorm.

Later that night Sarah and I ended up hooking up again, I was pretty drunk so I almost peed myself again but made it, and stayed the night in her dorm. We also talked and now we’ve gone on a few dates and I may ask her to be my girlfriend soon. Just won’t let her know I’m into Omorashi for a while, lol.

So that was my first experience, took me a while to write it out but my next experiences I’ll write in the comments when I remember to. I hope you guys enjoyed this story, I’ll definitely update more if you guys are interested.

*002*2021-11-07 17:13

So this second story happened about a week ago. It was a Thursday and my usual afternoon class had been cancelled so I only had a morning class. On this day I was wearing blue american eagle boxer briefs under light blue denim jeans with a crewneck.

So after my morning class I usually get coffee at the coffee shop near campus, I took the bus over there and I got a large iced coffee at around 11:30am and went into the lounge area of a building to get some work done. At this point I used the restroom, having no intentions of doing a hold. But only around an hour later I started feeling the first twinge in my bladder -- this was when I had an idea. I don't usually intentionally wet because it's hard to clean up but I do like getting desperate and when I'm horny it's hard to talk myself out of wetting, lol. So anyways, I thought, why not get really desperate and try to replicate the experience I had after that performance? (but obviously in my head, I was like, I'll totally just hold until the last moment, and then pee in the toilet, and not make a mess)

There was a burger king right next door to the building I was in so I decided to order a large coke, a burger and fries, and I went back to studying. At this point it was around 1:00pm, I knew my roommate always had a class at 3:30pm so I had to get back to my room after 3ish to make sure he wouldn't be there. For the next hour, my need gradually increased from around a 4/10 to a 6/10. I knew the coke hadn't reached my bladder yet, and when it did, it was going to drastically increase my need.

Around 15 minutes later, I was at a 7/10, bouncing my leg up and down. The coke was reaching my bladder, I had to finish this coding project and then I could head back to my dorm. It was around 2:15pm at this point so I knew I probably had another hour before I could release, the thought of getting that desperate started to get me hard and I had to return my focus to my assignment so that I didn't get a visible boner in the middle of the study lounge.

By 2:30pm I was at at least an 8/10. The pressure from my belt on my bladder wasn't making things easier, I grabbed my dick discreetly to take some of the pressure off. I knew my first leak was going to come soon and since I was in light denim jeans I really didn't want to be around people if it showed on my pants. So I started packing up my backpack, stood up, and literally instantly leaked. It was so unexpected as I didn't think I needed to go that badly and my hand shot straight to my dick, stopping the stream after a second. Luckily it didn't show on my jeans, but I knew if I kept leaking it would soon. I had to get back to my dorm (even though my situation had just gotten bad, using a toilet still didn't sound fun to me).

With that, I prayed no one had seen my desperation, and I walked out of the building. I wasn't on campus, I was a 10-minute bus ride away because I had been at that coffee shop, so I now had to take the bus back to my dorm. Walking took a tiny bit of the urge away and I made it to the bus stop, waiting for the bus to come.

But man, it is cold outside these days. It was no more than 50 degrees out, and the only layer I had was my crewneck. The cold did no favors for my bladder and as I stood there at the bus stop, my urge was at a 9/10, shifting my weight from foot to foot, grabbing my dick through my pants pocket, I really wasn't sure now that I'd even make it through the bus ride. Even worse, my light jeans would make an accident very obvious and I was now seriously regretting not just using the bathrooms at the burger king.

But of course, just as I was about to give up and turn around to use those bathrooms, the bus comes. 5 minutes early, with the next one not coming for another half an hour, I made another bad decision, and decided to get on the bus.

As I entered the bus my right hand was shoved in my pocket, clenching my dick. I felt like if I took my hand off I might completely lose control. I chose a seat near the back where there was only one other person, a middle-aged woman who, thank goodness, seemed uninterested in anything other than her phone. As I sat down, my tight belt pressed straight into my overfilled bladder, and my hand couldn't stop a one-second spurt from escaping. I felt my palm warm up through the fabric of my pocket and the piss spread into my underwear. Though I regained control I knew I was now in a dire situation. I knew I didn't have very much time before I lost control and with a 10-minute bumpy bus ride ahead, I was officially worried.

Looking around to make sure no one was watching, I loosened my belt and now was openly holding my dick, bouncing my legs up and down, and I think if I was wearing black pants at this point I might have just let go. But knowing people would see me wet kept me holding on for dear life. So I clenched the head of my dick, feeling the urine at the tip, pushing out, and when we hit the first speed bump, I leaked again. I checked my jeans for damage, somehow the outside was still unscathed.

With each bump in the road, I felt a little bit of piss dribble out. The warmth felt so good but at this point I had almost no control over my bladder and I knew my end was near. Finally the bus stopped, at this point I had a death grip on my dick through my pants and I didn't really mind if people saw. I stood up, bracing myself, and immediately released a 2-second spurt into my blue boxer briefs. The warmth shot through my underwear and saturated my jeans, dripping down my leg. There was now a baseball-sized wet spot on my jeans and I knew I was in trouble.

I got off the bus and started speedwalking towards my dorm, both hands in my pockets, my right clenching my dick, I knew I didn't have very much time. As I walked, the impact of each step made me dribble, and I was very slowly leaking a stream straight into my light blue jeans. It was at this point I saw my roommate leaving our dorm, and I stood up straight, saying hi to him and continuing to walk. It was around 3:00pm at this time so I assumed he was going to class and I'd have the room to myself to clean up and everything. I was also getting so horny at my desperation that it was getting very difficult to get the idea of wetting myself out of my head. I knew I'd have time to myself in the room, I could do my laundry, shower, etc. before he got back from class.

I prayed my roommate hadn't seen the now-slightly larger wet spot on my jeans, and adjusted my dick to the left side of my pants so that the wet spot wouldn't grow much bigger. I had mostly regained control of my stream at this point, though I didn't know for how long. As I approached the door to my dorm, I realized I had to get my keycard out of my backpack. Frantically, I took my hands out of my pockets (and off my dick), praying I could hold on.

As I bent over to look through my backpack, the latch of my belt pressed straight into my rock-hard overfilled bladder and I just started pissing. Like, full-force, hissing, the warmth spreading through the left side of my blue boxers and quickly creating a wet spot on my light blue jeans. My right hand shot to my dick, clenching the tip, holding on, doing anything I could to stop the stream before I fully wet myself. I pissed for 3 seconds before I regained control, which might not sound like very long, but trust me, if anyone had seen the front of my jeans, they would have known what had happened. I had a wet spot from my dick down to my knee on the left side and a wet spot on the right side too.

Eventually I found my key, swiped myself into the building, praying I would avoid seeing anyone on the way to my room. The short spurt took the edge off and I thought I'd be okay, but as I climbed the flight of stairs up to the level I lived on, my urge came back even worse. I had my hand in a death grip on my semi-hard cock, stroking the head through my denim jeans, praying I could make it to my room. This is when I had an idea. I could either rush immediately to the bathrooms across the hall and let the rest out in a toilet, or, I could try to get into my room and wet myself on a towel. I was so horny at this point that it wasn't really even a choice. I got to the door to my room and realized another mistake -- my key was buried deep in my bag too. Now, I actually didn't want to wet myself in the hallway. Someone could walk through at any moment, witnessing my desperation and partial wetting, and I really didn't want that.

So yet again, I bent over to search through my bag for my key, and lost control in the exact same way I had before. The latch of my belt pushed on my bladder and that was its last straw. A jet of piss was coming out of my dick, I could hear it hissing. It was so warm and felt so good, I was trying to stop the stream as it spread down my leg and went into my sock, at the same time looking through my backpack for my key. This time, everything I tried to stop myself from losing control failed. My hand clenching my dick did nothing, the pee dancing did nothing, my hot piss just continued to flow out my dick and into my wet blue boxers.

Now I was fully pissing, I found my key and fumbled with it, trying to get inside my room before anyone saw me having an accident in my jeans. My piss was freely flowing at this point, and it started dripping out of my pants and saturating the carpet underneath my feet. I got the door open, stepped inside, practically threw my shoes off my feet, grabbed my towel, and stepped onto it, letting the piss stream out my dick. I was pissing so hard that I could hear the hiss and the stream went through my jeans, arcing onto the towel below me. I stood there for at least 30 seconds, letting the warmth of my pee pool under my white socks. When I finished, I was extremely horny and immediately jerked off into the towel.

After I jerked off I had to clean everything up. I actually almost got caught by my roommate, who I heard try the door handle before he got his key out. I opened the door a little and asked him if I could have a second as I was changing. I quickly tore off my wet jeans and put on sweatpants, burying my jeans in my dirty clothes hamper, covering the wet spot on the floor with a towel. He had forgotten something so he was in and out in just a few seconds but I kept thinking, what if he had showed up 5 minutes earlier lol. I did my laundry and showered without getting caught by anyone to my knowledge but that was definitely a close one.

I wish I had taken pictures of this experience, I definitely will if I remember in the future. This was one of the best experiences I've had to date. Let me know if you guys enjoyed it, I'd love to hear feedback.

