Got the omo bug right now... what should I try next?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2024-07-22 19:12

So I've definitely got the omo bug these last few days and luckily have a combo of some time off and working from home recently. I'm finding myself wanting to hold a lot, even if its just a moderate urge I want to feel aware of my bladder. And of course, wet myself once I get truly desperate.

So I thought I'd ask you all if you have any creative holding or wetting ideas I could try next?

I'd love to do a desperate hike in the invisible-wetting shorts I discovered when I have an opportunity. I'd also like to have someone control my bladder - both water intake and when I am allowed to pee/leak.

Any other ideas?

*002*2024-07-22 19:26

{{6 minutes ago, Bunny7man said:

Do a public wetting! They're so fun.

A good way to start is to wear trousers under a floor length skirt. Find somewhere secluded and take the skirt off.

Enjoy wetting the trousers, then walk as far as comfortable before throwing skirt back over the top. Enjoy walk all the way home in the wet trousers.

}}

I actually don't have a long skirt lol! But I do have some shorts that really don't show wetness almost at all. I would want to be discreet for the sake of other people, and wet myself off trail somewhere. I have really enjoyed the thrill of wetting in public at night while on a walk. Of course the darkness + dark pants was key with that.

*005*2024-07-22 19:32

{{3 minutes ago, Bunny7man said:

Two words- Charity Shop! You can get great clothes for wetting, cheap, and you're doing good 👍😀

}}

Haha very true!

Random but anyone know how to get rid of all that space in my post? lol

*007*2024-07-22 22:12

{{2 hours ago, wetninja33 said:

Not sure if you're into diapers, but they offer a nice balance for discreet public wetting. You can have a complete accident without anyone nearby even noticing.

}}

Never tried them but I can totally see the appeal! My concern while living with roomates has been bringing them home/having them delivered + disposal which has kept me from trying them yet

