Morning piss in my bed shorts!

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2023-07-06 08:23

Haven't really got much time to type this, but here's a quick experience from yesterday morning!

I went to bed the night before needing a dump, but just thought I could hold it as I have relatives staying with me at the minute and our walls are like paper, so I didn't want them overhearing me pure going for it in the bathroom. I knew it was going to be a loud messy one, you see.

I woke the following morning with the worst stabbing cramps to shit I'd probably ever experienced. I immediately jumped up thinking I was going to vomit my bowel contents up through my mouth as I was wretching. My first thought was to go the bathroom, as I'm not really in to poo kinks, but I could hear my relative running around in and out of the bathroom, in to her bedroom, up and down the stairs and then back in the bathroom again. It was torture.

I tried to hold but I found myself thinking "I just need to shit, I'm gonna have to just do it" - meaning in my boxers. In the moment, I felt I had a clear choice between unbearable cramps and vomiting or soiling but having peace. I knew I'd just be able to clean myself up, so I just didn't care if I soiled myself as I don't think I had the headspace for embarrassment or shame. So I just got off the bed, crouched down and started to push - but I felt piss coming instead.

I gave it a minute, still fixated on having a dump, to let my body settle and see if I can plan this soiling a bit better. I put some bed shorts on that were actually swim shorts. I thought they'd at least make it less obvious of the accident I'd had if I was caught between my bedroom and my bathroom.

Then I felt the morning piss want to break free so I just let it go and honestly, although that wasn't planned (or even thought of) it was one of the heavenliest pisses of my life! It was potent - so potent it made me wretch a few times. Eventually I heard my relative go downstairs and I shot out in to the bathroom and had my dump in the toilet - which was for the best as it turned out to be an upset stomach. Seriously, it was like a bomb. (TMI? Sorry lol).

So yeah, that could've been a messy mistake.

The piss 'accident' though was amazing. It gushed and gushed for what felt like ever and took a lot of pressure off my bowels.

So yeah, hope you enjoyed, I know it's more soiling themed but it was a piss that was the true star of the story lol

Also I really can't do a 1 or 2 paragraph post to save my life, can I? 😂

*002*2023-07-06 14:17

{{5 hours ago, younggermangay said:

What a rollercoaster ride that has been 😁

I really liked the story! Wettings and messings where you just accept your fate at some point are rare but really exciting, and I'm glad that everything turned out well in the end 😊

Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thanks!

I don't really like messings but there have definitely been times where I've been so desperate I've wilfully shifted my focus to finding a space to poo myself discretely as an alternative to holding until I get to a bathroom. 9/10 I make it though and I find the acceptance to have an accident removes the fear and urgency, which then removes the physical pressure - ultimately buying me more time. Great for when I feel like I'm gonna soil but not so great when I feel like I'm gonna wet myself (because I usually secretly want to not make it in time lol).

Publicly, I'd happily pee in some bushes or whatever if I didn't feel like an accident - but if I need a shit, it's 100% a 'find a toilet or poo my pants trying' ethos lol

Either way, on this occasion I just wanted it OUT OF ME and didn't mind decimating a pair of boxers if that's what it took.

*005*2023-07-06 22:29

{{4 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Had a horrible desperate piss which turned into a poo scenario a while back! Not sure whether u want to hear it??

}}

Go for it!

*008*2023-07-20 00:59

{{On 7/11/2023 at 7:37 PM, BladderLad said:

The clean up was horrific!

The worst part was I was wearing a fav pair of boxers 😂😂

}}

Devastating 😂

I've had a few times I've pissed and nearly went on to shit myself. I've let nature take its course a couple times and each time I've lived to regret it lol!

