Accidental minor dribble from sneezing while with friends

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2022-07-30 11:47

So… it’s been almost a year since I was last active on here. I have a more detailed account of recent experiences that is coming, but I thought I'd add this little short one. 100% true experience, and it happened to me a few months ago.

I was not "in the mood" for any wet fun at the time, and my omo interest was also in "off mode", which is the way it usually is for me. I have some intense periods in "on mode", where wetting is almost all I can think about, and then, when I've had my fill, it goes away, and it does not cross my mind again in months. When this happened, I had not thought about wetting or anything related to it in months.

I was going to a cabin in the mountains for the weekend with some of my oldest friends. I had been sick the week leading up to it. Not covid (I got tested), just a regular old cold. Those are still around. I was sniffling, coughing and sneezing, but I was starting to feel better, so I still went. (Miraculously, none of my friends caught it.)

Anyway, we arrive at the cabin, and as I stepped out of the car, I was hit with a wave of sneezes - three or four in a row.

To my horror, I could feel a tiny spurt of pee gush out into my pants with every sneeze. Now, I normally don't leak while sneezing, but here we were. My underwear was very wet, but I did not dare look down to see if there was a wet spot on my pants.

Nobody knows about my interest in omo. Also, I am not accident-prone. I have leaked a little with sneezing a couple of times before, but never around other people, so that is not something anyone else knows either. And that is IT. I have never had any sort of pee-related accident ever, since I was maybe four years old. (Plenty of deliberate wettings and "accidents", but that is my personal business and nobody else's... ) I have a bladder of steel, and as far as anyone knows, I don't get desperate, and I don't have accidents. I was mortified, but pretended like nothing had happened. I was the proverbial duck. Cool and calm on the surface, but paddling like hell under the water. My heart was racing. I was wearing black corduroy pants, so I thought there was a good chance nothing was visible.

It was very strange to unload everything from the car, making multiple trips in and out of the cabin, carrying stuff, all the while constantly feeling the wet underwear and a (hopefully invisible) wet spot at the crotch of my pants against my skin. I was careful not to sit down anywhere. Once we had gotten situated, with all our stuff in our respective sleeping quarters, I went to the bathroom to inspect the damage. My underwear was wet all across the crotch. My pants were also wet at the crotch, but the wetness was entirely invisible, thank God. Nobody would have been able to see. Phew!

I changed out of my wet things and into cozy loungewear. My underwear went into a bag for dirty laundry, but my plan had been to wear the same black pants while driving back that Sunday, and I hadn't brought any other clothes to wear, besides lounge wear, so I left them to air-dry in my bedroom. I did a careful sniff once they were dry, but I detected no lingering smell of pee. So come Sunday, I put them on and wore them on the drive home, as if I hadn't peed in them a little that Friday.

As wettings go, this one was very minor, but it caught me entirely off guard and was 100% accidental and unplanned.

