I was soo close to having an accident this weekend

Author: wetting_fan

*000*2022-09-26 18:37

So this weekend I was really feeling in the mood to hold it, like really really. I started on Friday night with a plan to wear myself out by Sunday. This is the only way that I've been able to have a real accident in the past, just getting myself tired of holding. I also find that certain drinks make it harder to hold than others, so I made sure to have plenty of those too.

On Sunday morning, I could totally feel that I would leak if I did another big hold, perfect hehe. It's hard to describe, but you just feel weaker down there. I started the day with two cups of coffee and held that all afternoon. Maybe a few sips from my water bottle here and there. It felt soo good and tingly, you know the feeling. I got home and went, I did that thing where you start and stop just for fun. I was ready to go for the accident hold now.

I had arizona ice tea, juice, and plenty of water until I was having to really try hard to keep it in. Nowhere near having an accident, but I would definitely wet if I stopped holding. It was hard to do anything else at this point, but I had an idea to make the ultimate happen. I don't play modern video games, but I do have an SNES for some mario here and there. It was packed away, but I figured that could be the perfect thing to distract me until I wet. I had a few situations like that when I was a kid, so it seemed like a sure deal.

I was easily at a 9 by the time I got it setup and connected. After playing one level, I couldn't believe that I hadn't done this sooner! I was seriously occupied by the game to where I practically forgot my need while playing. Of course it didn't go away, I just somehow wasn't thinking about it. After playing for about 30 minutes and doing a serious pee dance the whole time, I was really focused on a level when it happened. I was so into the game that I actually stopped holding for a moment. I could feel the pee about to gush right out of me! I let go of the controller and managed to hold myself tight to stop it, but wow I almost really lost it. From holding all weekend, I definitely wouldn't have been able to stop it if I started to really wet. I'm still doing some holding today so I might try it again tonight, but this time I won't try and stop it if it happens again.

