Desperate at work, leaking in the woods

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-11-13 23:48

Yesterday my bladder was tested rather to its limit, as I had a work trip where I was busy conducting research outside for about 7 hours with no chance to pee. A couple women I work with made the 15 minute trek back to a nearby visitors centre with a public washroom, but I decided to test my bladder, both because I had a lot of work left to complete in a limited amount of time, and because I was thoroughly enjoying the warm tingle building in my bladder as it grew increasingly full and I continued to deny it relief. At lunch I decided to up the ante and have a coffee as someone from my team had brought them and it was lovely iduring a cold day outside. Of course I knew full well what this would do to my bladder later but I pressed on.

In the last hour of my work day, as everyone was wrapping up and almost everyone had gone home, I decided I would be safe to let out a few small leaks to warm my underwear, as I had a long coat on. Frankly, this only increased my desperation as I only peed for a few seconds and I was still bursting, but now with warm, wet fabric against my crotch. As I packed up to leave, I found myself really squirming, all I could think about was not peeing my pants.

Before the drive home, I realized I definitely wouldn't make the 15 minute walk to the visitors centre bathrooms without flooding myself on the way there. I was now having involuntary leaks every few minutes and my bladder was firm and bulging. It felt delicious and I considered flooding my pants at the site once everyone had gone but I opted to keep holding and see how long I would last on the drive home. My seats are protected and I keep some towels in the car for times like these, so after about half an hour of squirming in desperation and grinding into the seat, I decided to let loose into my work pants and pee freely as I drove home! Pure bliss! My bladder had lasted nearly 8 hours and it felt stretched to its limit and a little sore, but no bother, I had no plans the next day.

###

Today (sunday) came and I had a feeling I might be leaky after such a long hold the day before, as I usually get that way. Its par for the course with long holds and overactive bladder, and I quite enjoy the excitement of not knowing when I'll feel a leak. I decided to go for a walk in the woods near my house, where we've just had one of the first snows of the winter. I had a tall glass of water and some tea before I left, but I was by no means trying to hold and my bladder was definitely less than half full. Out of nowhere as I'm walking I feel a strong urge and have to kneel down on my heel to stop from leaking. Ah, the perks of overactive bladder🙄 It passes, and I keep walking, feeling no more than a 5/10 urge again.

And then all of a sudden, totally unexpectedly, a warm dribble escapes. I stand still, smirking, I was prepared for this, but I'm a bit surprised its happening on such a barely- full bladder. No matter, I keep walking in my wet undies. A few more steps and I feel another unexpected warm surge, this time my underwear is saturated and a few drips hit the inside of my dark sweatpants. I decide to have fun with it, if I'm gonna leak involuntarily, might as well embrace it and see how many more little leaks my pants can take before the wetness is too visible. The idea is exciting and I feel a stronger spurt escape, more intentionally this time, as I contemplate what I'm about to do. As I continue walking, now sporting a small but noticeable dark patch on the front of my pants, I continue to release small leaks and dribbles, some accidentally, some more deliberate. My tired bladder is close to giving up it seems - all good by me, this is what I get for pushing it yesterday.

Suddenly I realize my pee stream isn't stopping, slowly but steadily it is flowing down the legs of my sweatpants and dripping into my boots. I dash to the side of the deserted trail, peeing with abandon, and tear my pants down to my knees to pee forcefully into the open winter air, just behind some trees. As my stream tapers off, I naughtily pull my pants back up a little early, enjoying the feeling of the last few trickles rewarming my underwear and running down my thighs.

It was a close call, as I still had to make it back past several houses and didn't want to be totally drenched, which I succeeded in. My butt and crotch were visibly wet, but my pants were dark and the streaks on my thighs didn't soak through to my sweatpants, so it wouldn't have been noticeable unless you were really looking. As I made my way back closer to my house I began to feel the urge returning and my pants were growing a little cold so I decided to push out a few more spurts and finish peeing my pants fully when I got into the bathroom.

Hopefully I'll have the chance to do this again soon - I do love a long desperate hold followed by a weak, leaky bladder the next day. 😄 stay well and stay wet folks✌️

*002*2022-11-21 21:03

{{On 11/19/2022 at 1:50 PM, DesperateToes said:

Do you ever find that after the first leak, voluntary or involuntary, you can't last much longer? that is what i find, and thats why i try everything not to leak

So i can savor the hold for longer

}}

Sometimes! I definitely find once I've had one leak I end up having more bc once I'm wet its harder to hold them back

*006*2022-11-26 01:53

{{On 11/22/2022 at 8:05 AM, Spectator9 said:

I was never good at letting out "just a little" if I needed to pee urgently, and that hasn't improved with age. 😉

}}

Ah well, always healthy to let it flow. wet pants are the best kind of pants 🙂

