Morning Wetting

Author: Waterfall

*000*2012-03-08 19:50

Alright, my first wetting story on the site *takes breath* ... ok here it goes.

So several days ago I woke up like I did any other day, around ten in the morning; siblings were at school/work, parents were asleep, so I had total privacy and no interruption in my room. When I got up I felt like doing something of a sexual nature, and I noticed that I did have to pee, so of course I put 2 and 2 together. So I lay atop my bed, I'm wearing blue pajama pants (cotten material, and I'm not wearing and underwear), a black shirt, and my nice comfy robe.

I start by pulling the front end of my pajama pants over my genitalia and forcing a little pee out, while I have my hand placed over my dick (I like feeling the warm over my hand). I let out several squirts, all of which slowly cascade over the waist area of my body and around to my bum. I also rub myself, messaging the pee around my body. I did this a few more times but stopped for a moment, as I didn't want any pee soaking through my pants onto my robe.

So now I notice that my pants are slightly damp, although not too much, so I continue my short peeing bursts while sitting on the edge of my bed. After a little while I noticed that a somewhat significant amount of pee has gotten onto my pajamas; my read end feels slightly damp, and there's a slight wet spot on my front end, but overall it's barely wet at all; at that point I could probably throw the clothing in the wash without notice.

So I pull my pajamas back up fully so that they cover my crotch area, and then notice my small trash bin with garbage in it would be useful to enhancing my pleasure (No I do not have a garbage fetish!). So i stand myself over my trash bin and force out some more pee, while I press my dick along the bottom seem of my pants. The pee flows out in a little stream over all the trash and into the bin of course. Then I stop, relax, and try to let my bladder empty naturally (I still have trouble with this mental block; I can't pee myself comfortably without forcing it a bit), and some pee does eventually flow out and around my pants. After a while, I manage to finally get the rest of my pee out in a realxed manner, this time with it flowing around my pajama legs a bit, while all remains leak into the trash bin. It was all nice and wamr, and my pajama bottoms were sufficiently soaked.

After I was empty, the pajamas were hidden (and later dried over time + sprayed with lots of air freshner + cologne), the trash disposed of, and the trash bin washed out.

And there. Hope my story wasn't too bad ^_^

*003*2012-03-09 03:03

{{ 

Wow what a good day to start off

}}

Indeed, I love starting the day off with some fetish indulgence :D

{{ 

Good to know I'm not the only one with the mental block problem! 



}}

Yeah, from what I understand it's actually somewhat common among omorashi practioners, although hopefully it should go away over time.

