Looking forward to public wetting again soon

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2024-05-25 18:54

So with the weather getting nice lately and having less roomates over the summer (and some weekends with the house to myself), I’ve been wanting to make plans for some more public wetting again soon.

I would set out with a bursting bladder along the trails near my house, and wet myself when I can’t hold it, in the woods.

Typically in the past I’ve done this at night but that doesn’t allow me to go very far if I'm going in the woods (safety), and longer desperate walks are more thrilling.

Therefore, I’ve been thinking about my options for what I could wear to wet during the day.

A) black athletic shorts, I’ve done this before during the day and felt pretty stealthy, the pee stain was only visible very close up.

B) patterned cotton “boho” pants, loose fabric. They would get a bit darker but I expect the pattern would mask the stain pretty well. Might need a shirt around my waist.

C) I’m not really a skirt person so didn’t think of this right away but I do have a summer dress! Could wear light coloured shorts/underwear under so I can see the pee stain very well, but it would be completely covered by the skirt.

Any thoughts? Or ideas for a stealthy daytime public wetting?

I also have some light green pants I bought for camping that are supposedly water resistant, might have to test with a wetting at home first.

*010*2024-05-25 23:13

{{2 hours ago, Wet-Robert said:

I think C would be a great option, if you're not into the embarrassment part and more of feeling the full bladder and warmth. This way you could even pee nearly everywhere, without anyone noticing it

}}

Yeah not the embarrassment, definitely the thrill of doing it in public and theoretical potential of being caught, but not hoping to actually get caught lol!

{{2 hours ago, Wet-Robert said:

I think C would be a great option, if you're not into the embarrassment part and more of feeling the full bladder and warmth. This way you could even pee nearly everywhere, without anyone noticing it

}}

I hadn't thought of that (being able to pee in small amounts very stealthily since it wouldn't be noticeable) rather than one or a few big releases. This is an intriguing idea!

*011*2024-05-25 23:18

{{2 hours ago, strokeknight2 said:

Plan A is great. When I do some of my walk-wettings, I bring a pair of dry shorts or pants to change into after having an accident. When no one is around, it's easy to drop your wet pants and change into dry ones, leaving your wet undies on still.

}}

Hmm that's smart! I've thought of that before but never tried it, mainly cuz I wasn't sure where would be private enough to change. But yes leaving the wet undies on is a solid option for that.

*012*2024-05-26 00:12

{{1 hour ago, pp_pant said:

A and C are the ones that I like. Some lighter color shorts as well, but those are kind of the same as the first option.

}}

Lighter coloured shorts would certainly be fun, but I think I'd be worried about how obviously it might show in public

*013*2024-05-26 00:32

So I've looked at some skirt wetting videos to gain some inspo and one thing I'm noticing is in most cases, the pee seems to fall neatly in a stream between their legs, rather than down their legs. When I get to wet out in the world I like to feel it soak my shoes, so I'd want to make sure the pee runs down my legs. Any experienced wetters: do you think wearing any shorts under the dress would ensure that or would it depend on the kind of shorts?

*021*2024-05-26 20:09

{{5 hours ago, themerger said:

A. and C. seem like your most discrete options!

As someone who also likes feeling the warmth running down my legs and soaking my shoes, I love patterned leggings. They may be a little too warm for Summer weather, but they (like athletic shorts) leave very little visible evidence and keep the feeling of cooling wetness very present. Usually I wet outside in large wooded parks (not too remote, not too public) which offer lots of opportunities to duck into the woods and wet or squat pretending to look at mushrooms or flowers.

Looking forward to hearing about what the warm weather offers you!

}}

Ooh that sounds wonderful, I wish I had some patterned leggings! But I’m leaning towards tighter shorts under my dress to give the pee a fabric “path” down my legs as someone mentioned above and ensure it runs down my legs and soaks nicely into my shoes instead of just falling on the ground. Squishy shoes after wetting are so fun and cheeky.

*023*2024-05-26 20:12

{{1 minute ago, WetAndMuddyFun said:

I would go for either B or D

And to make Option D even more naughty skip wetting them at home first and go straight to wetting them in public. The risk of not knowing if or how much it will show just adds to the excitement and the overall experience.

}}

Very daring! I love the idea in theory, in reality idk if I’d be brave enough in case the wetting was really visible but maybe!

