Very wet bike ride

Author: wetgarth

*000*2023-07-17 14:02

This morning I decided to go on my bike on one of my regular routes which is a mixture of back roads and tracks. Usual riding gear, boxer breifs (grey today), padded lycra cycle short and black mtb shorts over the top. I was potentially planning on wetting in them anyway when I got back as they would be going straight in the wash. The weather today started off sunny but with a chance of showers, so (as always) had my waterproof jacket with me. The ride is usually about 22mls and set of in the warm sun. 

Just before I reached the 1/2 way point, the tracks take me to the highest point on my ride over the wolds of East Yorkshire and it was at this high point, out in the open that I heard a loud roar of thunder. Sure enough the sky turned black and the rain started. Being out in the open on the highest land around in a thunder storm is not a good idea so put on my waterproof jacket and carried on as I knew the road would now drop down and in a mile or so there is a small village with a sheltered bus stop. As I headed down the rain prgessivley got heavier and heavier. I could feel the cold rain water seeping through and soaking my pants as I rode. Finally I got the the bus shelter parking my bike in the shelter and took cover.

At this point I was dripping already and wet through and as I was in need of a pee, decided to sit on the bench under cover and pee in my pants. The warmth from the pee felt wonderful, displacing the cold rain with hot pee soaking into the pad on my lycra biking short and leaking out through my MTB shorts. This felt nice having done a sneaky wetting, sitting in my now warm wet pants as I watched the rain turn torrential then a full on hail storm with thunder & lightning, the full works !. Suddenly a young woman comes running into the bus shelter from the storm and to be fair, she looked equally soaked. She had no idea nor could she tell that my wet shorts were actually soaked with pee, not rain lol. She had obviusly come to catch a bus as moments later the bus stopped in front of us with all the passengers being able to see me in my wet shorts, but again, no one would have suspect me having pee'd in them as the rain was still torrenting down.

Immediately the bus left, a man on a motorbike pulled into the bus stop and took shelter with me in the bus shelter as the hail stones were now settling on the road and making riding a motorbike hazardous. We stood and chatted until the storm passed, again having no inclination that I had deliberately pee'd my pants.

As the rain eased off, I hopped back on my bike to complete my ride and yes, I wet my pants again whilst riding back home two more times and no one would know. I passed two other bikers, 3 ladies on horses and a few walkers, saying hello and acknowledging each other as we passed as well as riding back down the high street to home.

I do love being able to get away with wetting myself in public with no one knowing. It felt fantastic and wanted to share with you all.

&&

*002*2023-07-17 15:24

{{10 minutes ago, OldWetGuy said:

I used to do long distance motorcycle trips and when caught in all-day drizzle or driving rain my rainwear eventually got compromised. Once the cold water started getting in, pee stops became unnecessary 💦😁

}}

I'm with you on that - I have a mnotorbike as well and have done exactly the same on more than one occasion lol

