Wetting whilst bike riding

Author: wetgarth

*000*2024-02-09 13:15

So as the tittle describes, just been for a 23 mile bike ride.

First chance I have had to get out for ages as it's been very windy & stormy for what seems for ever.

However the weather here UK today is what can only be decribed as a dull, wet, misty and grey day. There were stroms during the night so the roads very wet and flooded in some places (it's all back roads and farm tracks that I tend to ride mostly) . So the occasion called for my waterproof over trousers. Couldn't be more happy as I was able to set off on my ride with a totally full bladder and release into my pants and cycling leggings as I rode round. No one could see or tell what I was doing but felt wonderful being able to deliberately let spurts out here and there.

I even sat on a park bench opposite some cottages and realeased a massive flood of warm pee into my pants emptying my still full bladder, which pooled round my bum in the waterproof over trousers and no-one any the wiser. As I stood up the collected warm pee worked it's way down and out of the bottom of my legs onto the already wet ground so again no one could tell.

Cycled all the way through the town's high street with a grin on my face and warm wet pants. The padded cycle legging squishing nicely and felt so nice. I get such a high from simply knowing what I have done but no one else knows, it felt wonderful.

Sometimes this time of year has it's benefits. 😁

*003*2024-02-09 18:54

{{1 hour ago, mm0976 said:

Depending how bold you are feeling, and depending how much it's raining, you can have a great time doing this in cycling lycra without the waterproofs on top! Love doing this on warm summer evenings 😛

}}

As I am a mountain biker, I wear black shorts over my pants but have wet these on many occasions whilst out in the quieter areas as they dry quickly and less noticable when back in populated areas

*016*2024-02-11 16:39

For sure, I find It is easier to start off whilst stood on the pedals or lifting yourself of the seat slightly to get the flow going

*021*2024-02-18 14:39

Well - another wet bike ride for me this morning - decided to give my pants another wetting when I got back after cleaning the bike - I video'd this and will post up on the downloads but here are the screen shots. It felt really nice on my ride to have wet pants but the re-wetting was fun as well

Video here if anyone interested

%https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/15250-re-wetting-cycling-clothes-after-bike-ride/?do=embed"

*023*2024-02-22 09:17

{{9 minutes ago, gymsweatr said:

Great post! The thought of all you cyclist letting go while riding puts a smile on my face. The black spandex bibs are great for doing this. I love doing it on a hot day, shorts dry fast and no one really notices, unless you are wearing a different color, which I sometimes do if I feel daring. I basically wet my gear every time I ride alone.

}}

Glad that someone else enjoys the experience too. If I am honest, some days I am not always up for a bike ride but the thought of being able to wet myself and enjoy it whilst I'm out riding is often what motivates me to get out on my bike 😂

