My longest hold to date!/ No toilet all day

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-01-04 18:29

So as many have probably noticed I've been in quite the omo mood the last few days and I've also had the week off work apart from a few online meetings. The last two days I really challenged my bladder with bursting holds, taking in as much water as I could handle and really stretching my bladder to its limits to produce a significant bulge☺️.

Today I had an idea for something a little different - which admittedly I tried to do yesterday but got carried away chasing the bursting feeling.

Instead of holding a huge volume, I'm planning to let my bladder fill up more slowly, I'm not aiming to go past a 6.5 or 7/10. I'm gonna keep going about my day and drinking normally but I'm not gonna use the toilet for hours, as long as I can. The desperation should slowly sneak up on me and hopefully unlike my bursting holds I'll be able to go for longer than an hour or two without the bathroom.

I just had a medium sized glass of water, probably 8-10 ounces, so I should start feeling a slight urge soon. I won't be drinking anymore yet until I'm thirsty

*001*2023-01-04 18:44

Gonna tackle all my laundry from the last 2 days and I'll check back in when I'm starting to feel a little bladder pressure

Maybe I'll be super productive today since I won't be slowed down by any toilet trips

*003*2023-01-04 18:52

I have the tiniest of bladder tingles now, probably the 8-10 ounces of water I drank has hit me, but that's maybe a quarter of what I've held the last few days so nothing much at all yet.

My bladder is still flat and squishy for now

*004*2023-01-04 19:00

The tingle is a little stronger, maybe a 3/10. Not much still but a little concerned with how fast its built up since its only been 30 minutes

My bladder better get used to this because the toilet is off limits!!

*005*2023-01-04 19:08

40 minutes in and I'm definitely starting to feel it now, fluctuating between a 4 and 5/10, depending if I'm up and moving or lying down. Still totally doable, my bladder has lots of room

Also @Wwtmyselfagain is holding too and we made a deal that if I lose control first, he gets to pee in the toilet. If he loses control first, I get to pee my pants 🙂 I'm also thinking about a punishment for the first leak... open to suggestions

*006*2023-01-04 19:26

Feeling like I've settled into the little pressure in my bladder. It's pleasant and seems actually less noticeable than 15 minutes ago when I last posted. One hour down now, this should be easy 🙂

*007*2023-01-04 19:31

I'm feeling kinda thirsty but I don't want to push things too soon, should I have some water and if so how much?

Also wondering if I should set a goal time to hold until

*008*2023-01-04 19:44

I can definitely feel a little pressure when I push on my bladder now. Still feeling easy but the urge is getting harder to ignore.

I just put on some joggers with a tight waistband to keep me reminded of my bladder and I'm gonna go change over my laundry 😄

*010*2023-01-04 19:57

There was definitely a little bit of squirming and crotch holding when I started the washer just now! Especially since I got baking soda on my hands (my favourite deordorizer for peed clothes in the laundry- pro tip) and had to rinse them.

Since I was feeling thirsty, I poured myself another medium 8oz glass of water and had a few sips, gonna have another couple sips now. 1.5 hours down!

*011*2023-01-04 20:00

My next tasks are taking my dog for a walk and dropping something in the mail, but I may wait for the urge to build a little bit first to make things more interesting

*015*2023-01-04 20:16

{{11 minutes ago, Supersoak said:

You could listen to sounds of streams and rivers in earbuds while you are walking

}}

Such a great idea!!

{{Just now, Supersoak said:

Good luck I bet shredding those papers will feel so slow.

I have to do dishes by hand... im already squirming massively so the idea of my hands in warm water is terrifying lol

}}

Oooooh drip drip, trickle trickle psssssssss

Feeling thirsty again, and certainly squirmy as I near two hours. Gonna have some sips and finish making my bed - cleaned and dry mattress protector + the sheets I've been slowly releasing spurts in and letting dry for the past 2 days (slight scent and a few stains)

I'm almost done my second 8 oz glass of water! Once I finish that I'll be up to just under half the volume I held when I was at my absolute bursting max yesterday

*016*2023-01-04 20:22

Great news!! It's raining where I live! I'm about to take my dog for a walk, listening to the trickling water should really help amp up my urge! Exciting!!

*017*2023-01-04 20:28

{{2 minutes ago, Wwtmyselfagain said:

Good luck!

I'm now 16 oz. In and am about 1/10

}}

1/10???

I just finished my second glass so I'm up to 16 oz too now. I'd say up to a 5.5/10 now- really pleasant, fairly squirmy, but not difficult to hold yet. My bladder is still soft and squishy to the touch with no toilet in sight for hours!

How long should I make this rainy walk? anything I should do to make it harder?

*018*2023-01-04 20:35

{{32 minutes ago, Seifer69 said:

Perhaps drinking on the way

}}

An excellent idea

*020*2023-01-04 20:39

{{4 minutes ago, Wwtmyselfagain said:

Just take a decent length walk...🙂 yremember I started after you. Really quickly went up to a 2 as not all my fluid is in my bladder yet lol

}}

I'll do at least a half hour since I have the day to kill. My bladder is now impossible to ignore but no bulging or firmness yet which means there's still lots of room. Time to settle in to the urge and listen to the lovely rain💦🌧️

*022*2023-01-04 20:41

{{Just now, Supersoak said:

I hope you fair better on your walk than I did doing dishes, 😱 after holding for 4 hours I couldn't handle it....

Was more than a leak but I managed to stop and I drank more before doing the dishes so i should be desperate again soon...

}}

Ooh, bet the leak felt great, I'm jealous. Good work on the water, as long as you replace that pressure so you stay desperate

Currently sitting in my room with my window open listening to the rain, feeling the cold breeze and gently massaging my bladder. I'm gonna make it a goal to go 2 more hours without a leak! If I do I'll lay on my stomach with my fist on my bladder for 5 minutes as punishment😈

