Starting a hold already squirmy

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-10-12 21:56

As the title suggests, my bladder’s got a nice squirmy level of fullness right now and my roommates have just gone out so for the next 4-5 hours so I think I’m gonna engage in some holding fun.

I was thinking I’d like to fill up on fluids and keep myself from using the toilet at least until they come back, or until I lose control naturally and flood my pants.

It’s been a while since I’ve started a holding session already pretty full, I think I’ll be able to get quite desperate this way.

I’d love suggestions of how much to drink or challenges!

*002*2023-10-12 22:05

{{3 minutes ago, Codedog92 said:

Try drinking a big cup of water

}}

On it... I'm debating between water and tea though. But I want to last the whole time so can't get too desperate too fast

I'd say I'm starting out at a 6.5/10. My bladder is quite tender to the touch if I press on it, but not bulging yet

*003*2023-10-12 22:11

Okay, how much of this measuring cup for my big cup of water? 300, 400, or the full 500ml?

I already have to pee pretty bad, getting waves of desperation

&&

*004*2023-10-12 22:22

Okay someone encouraged me to drink 400ml so that's what I'm going to do. My bladder is filling very nicely right now and is just starting to bulge a bit before drinking the water. This should really knock my desperation into high gear

*chug, chug, chug*

Time for things to get serious

I would guess I was holding about 2 and a bit hours and definitely had a good amount of water before starting the hold time half an hour ago

*006*2023-10-12 22:27

{{Just now, Codedog92 said:

That’s good enough, what clothes are you wearing

}}

Nothing fancy, just sweatpants right now. If I'm feeling really brave and/or am still holding by the time it gets dark maybe I'll put on some dark pants and go for a desperate walk

But I may just go for light pants and wet in my backyard if I can make it out there when I'm really desperate 

Open to bladder teasing challenges 🙂

*008*2023-10-12 22:40

{{5 minutes ago, Codedog92 said:

I bet you have to pee bad right now, also light jeans in your backyard and undies on too?

}}

Yeah, if I can make it there by the time I'm about to lose it that is. We shall see.

Bladder update: the 400ml is definitely starting to hit me. I have a distinct bladder bulge now and have reached 7/10 fullness. Waves of desperation, constant squirms. Still room to go but getting fuller for sure

Probably nearing about 3 hours holding now

*009*2023-10-12 22:47

Bladder bulge update - I will show the “after” later on once I’m empty

&&

I've been thinking I have some old shoes that I wanna soak later on once this gets serious

*010*2023-10-12 22:52

Poll:

Should I

A) massage my swollen bladder for 15 seconds

B) do 20 jumping jacks to bounce my bladder around

C) finish the remaining 100ml of water and have a small glass of orange juice

*011*2023-10-12 23:00

Okay someone suggested the water and juice THEN massaging my bladder which... I'm gonna die but I suggested it LOL

The bladder pressure now is insane, the bulge is rock hard to the touch. At least 8/10 already which is crazy

100 ml more of water down. I'm gonna go get 200ml of orange juice, not too much because I already have to go so bad!

*012*2023-10-12 23:06

Just had my first leak while drinking the orange juice

Okay fluids done! Total of 700ml down and about 3 hours holding time. 

Now to massage my bladder bulge?

That was crazy!I'm really surprised I've only leaked once. My bladder feels insanely full, definitely past an 8/10 I'd say

*013*2023-10-12 23:15

Tried to take another bladder bulge picture and spurted moving around while that full, whoops lol

Think it may be time to get into my wetting outfit, light wash blue jeans and some old sneakers I'm excited to fill with pee. I'm keeping on my current wet undies

*014*2023-10-12 23:21

I've decided to keep holding. Lowkey still considering going for a walk this desperate but not sure I have the courage considering I probably won't make it home dry

I've gotten to the delicious stretching phase I only get when my bladder's really full. Nearing a 9/10 now but my holding abilities seem quite strong tonight

*017*2023-10-12 23:28

{{Just now, durandal234 said:

Oh you really should go for a walk! Just don’t lose any drops. Feel your swollen bladder bounce in your belly

}}

Its sooo tempting. I'm just scared to wet myself in public

{{2 minutes ago, Codedog92 said:

Do all A,B and C lol

}}

I did A and C! Massaged my bladder (which was torture btw) and drank 300 ml of water and orange juice. My bladder is painfully full now but in such a delicious way. I'm 10 minutes into promising someone in my dms that I would hold for 30 more minutes

*020*2023-10-12 23:32

{{1 minute ago, durandal234 said:

You can do it, I’m sure! You have the strength to hold it. Just keep your legs moving, hold your crotch discreetly if you have to. My guess is once you start walking it’ll be easy to hold.

}}

I low-key want to come back wet though. But if I do it it'll be discreetly - black pants and a shirt to tie around my waist

*022*2023-10-12 23:34

Okay I just got my light-wash blue jeans (aka very visible wetting) out of the dryer, so they are all warm and clean, aka ready to be soaked.

I also have a pair of black pants I had an accident in a few days ago and left to air-dry that I could wear and go for a walk. Ultimately I'll decide what I feel comfortable with but feel free to vote what you want to hear about

A) backyard wetting in light jeans and old shoes

B) go for a walk in previously-peed dark pants, try to hold, probably come back a little wet

Just had 3 spurts typing the above lol

