Unplanned and Therapeutic

Author: Wetboxers

*000*2016-04-26 04:06

More and more I'm realizing that while wetting is arousing, I use it when stressed and need something outside myself to relax me. Case in point: following several long months of continuous projects with no break, and a disappointing night out at an event I helped organize at which no one came, I was getting close to my limit. It was late, and raining, and I was about to take the subway home when I realized fuck it, I need to wet tonight. that's it, I just felt I had to do it, almost as a release of a different sort. So I bought a large water bottle at a nearby convenience stand and left the subway, deciding to walk home instead. For reference, it's maybe a 90-minute walk and my bladder was already... well, not full, but not empty, either. So I thought I'd maybe force myself into another late-night public scenario.

Didn't happen, as I made it home in time. Also, it was damn cold so I rushed maybe more than I otherwise would have. However, by the time i made it home I just walked straight into the bathroom, sat down in the tub, and let go. Normally I struggle to let go, but tonight it just came and I flooded myself, and then just sat there for a while, letting the stress pour down the drain with my excess.

Normally that'd be the end of it, but it's not that late and I have work still to do, not to mention dinner to make, so I'm trying something different: trying to be "normal" in my apartment with wet skinny jeans clinging to every part of me. Even now, I'm sitting at my desk, with a trash bag over the chair, and I'm just going to keep these on—re-wetting as necessary—until it's time for bed in maybe three or four hours. And already I feel more relaxed about the whole night.

I swear, it's better than meditation. :)

*002*2016-04-26 04:22

{{ 

With all the stress in this world sometimes going in your pants means one less thing to worry about.

When I got to walk miles from donating plasma and it rains heavy on me to the point all my clothes are soaked through sometimes I just go ahead and pee, and try to enjoy myself. With Floridas constant warm rains it feels nice.

}}

So very true. Even though I've been into omo for most of my life, to varying degrees, I was never much into even the possibility of public wetting—for fear or discomfort or whatever the reason. I always liked my privacy. I still do, but I sometimes, only at night, don't mind the risk. I used to curse my small bladder for this very reason, but now it's almost become a comfort—that when stressed or burnt out, I can do the two things that help me decompress the most: go for a long walk, and wet on the way. I used to dread not making it home in time, but now I feel so much comfort knowing that I don't have to—that I can not make it and it's not only okay, but genuinely pleasurable as well.

