I hate Chievely!

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-08-04 08:43

Look, if you’ve ever been to an Idles gig, you’ll know, they’re intense.

August 1st, Queen Square, Bristol? Pure chaos in the best way. Sweaty, loud, a bit emotional,that amazing feeling of being in a crowd of people singing their hearts out.

I came out euphoric, messy-haired, borderline deaf, and worn out in the best possible way.

I chugged a bottle of water, and basically flopped into the driver’s seat like a happy wreck.

I was in my usual “gig mode” gear, high waisted baggy jeans, comfy boots, and a Metallica t shirt that I cropped and cut the sleeves off of, nothing fancy.

It was just me, my little Corsa, and the long, dark road back to London ahead of me.

About 45 minutes into the drive somewhere West of Swindon I got that familiar twinge.

You know the one.

The “huh, I should probably stop for a wee soon” feeling. Not urgent, but lingering. Membury services were coming up and I thought, perfect, I’ll just swing in there.

Except I didn’t.

Because I was vibing too hard to some playlist I'd thrown together post-gig, belting out “Never Fight a Man with a Perm” like I was back in the mosh pit and completely missed the turning.

I actually shouted, “Oh, come on,” at my own dashboard. Like it was the car’s fault.

I wasn’t in full emergency mode yet but I was getting desperate, Chieveley was next.

I could manage.

Except… the thing is, Chieveley and I have history.

Im sure I've told the Chievely story before, a good few years ago Mum and I were driving to Weston-super-Mare to see family, and I’d had one too many hangover treating coffees before we left.

After being stuck in traffic we stopped at Chieveley, let’s just say my grey joggers didn’t make it out dry.

Mum was not impressed. She gave me that, “You’re not five, Katy” look and barely spoke until we hit the M5.

So yeah not a place I'm particularly fond of but needs must.

By the time I pulled into Chieveley, it was bad. Like, knee-bouncing, teeth-clenching, muttering-to-myself bad.

I parked like a maniac, flung the door open, and half-ran toward the entrance. But just as I stepped inside the floodgates opened.

I froze. Literally just stood there, as the warmth spread through my jeans. Couldn’t stop it. Couldn’t even move. A couple of lads in Idles T-shirts coming out definitely noticed, but they didn't say a word. Thank God.

What do you do in that moment, honestly?

I turned right around, marched back to my car, and sat behind it for a minute just... processing.

After a few deep breaths, I rummaged in the boot, praying I had something, anything to change into. Nope, Lucy's flip flops, a few carrier bags and a half eaten emergency multipack of crisps, nothing particularly useful.

So, with all the dignity I had left, I peeled off my wet jeans, shoved them in a carrier bag, and sat back down, bare-legged except for my grey Calvin boxers and the cropped t-shirt. I arranged myself on another plastic bag (thankfully had a stash from Tesco) and started the engine.

Driving home like that? Weirdly freeing. Cold. But freeing.

I couldn’t stop laughing halfway down the M4. Part from the absurdity, part from the memory of that disaster with Mum.

She’d absolutely kill me if she knew I’d done it again same services and all.

So yeah. Katy: 0. Chieveley: 2.

By the time I rolled onto my street in London, it was just after 1. The roads were quiet, the kind of eerie quiet you only get in the middle of the night.

I parked, turned off the ignition, and just sat there for a second, I still couldn’t believe I’d fully wet myself. Again. At Chieveley. What is it with that place?

I gathered what little dignity I had left, grabbed the plastic bag with my soaked jeans, and got out of the car, praying no one was around.

Of course, as soon as I locked the door and turned to cross the pavement, my neighbour Rob stepped out, can of Aldi cider in one hand, prison rolly in the other I swear he lives out there!

We locked eyes.

I froze.

He looked down at my bare legs well, grey Calvin boxers with a big damp patch and a cropped Metallica tee isn’t nothing, but it wasn’t exactly midnight run attire then at the plastic bag dangling from my hand.

He raised an eyebrow, took a drag, and said, deadpan, “Rough night?”

I opened my mouth. Closed it. Then shrugged. “Idles gig,” I said. “Bristol. You know how it is.”

To his credit, he just nodded, like that explained everything.

Once inside, I dumped the jeans in the sink and beelined to the shower. Standing under the hot water, I let out the kind of tired giggle you get when your body is knackered and your brain’s still catching up. I’d danced to three brilliant bands, driven for hours, humiliated myself twice, and somehow survived it.

Wrapped in a towel, I flopped on the sofa with a cup of tea (yes, at 2:30 a.m., don’t judge), and started Googling “long drive toilet tips.” There were blogs, forums, even a YouTube video from a hiker explaining the pros and cons of adult incontinence pants.

I actually sat there, sipping my tea, thinking: Would it really be that weird?

I mean, obviously I’m not rushing out to buy nappies but then again under baggy jeans perhaps they wouldn't be too obvious.

One thing is for sure I'm never, ever, ever going to Chievely services again.

*006*2025-08-04 14:26

{{1 hour ago, Thegame123 said:

I’m intrigued were you guilty of leaving a puddle at Chievely or did your baggy jeans absorb the worst of it?

}}

I was wet to my ankles so I think I may have made a small puddle on the concrete outside but my jeans absorbed most of it.

