Waking up Really Full

Author: wettingman

*000*2024-07-01 13:33

I copied this from my status. I should have put it in live action, but I was not fully awake and thinking and I really had to pee. I sleep nude.

The best part of waking up after a solid 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep , is waking up with a really almost beyond pleasantly full bladder. It is so full of pee it is at the edge of painfully full, with pressure at my penis. I am just laying here enjoying it a bit. I love this feeling of a super full bladder , and that I can't hold my pee much longer.

25 minutes later my bladder has started hurting it is so full. The waves of desperation have reminded me if I lay here much longer I am going to wet the bed. I can't let that happen . I am squeezing my legs over my dick to keep it in. Reading posts here is making it harder to hold. Getting up without peeing on the floor is going to be nearly impossible.

Edit 9 minutes later got up with just a couple of minor leaks. I sure was over, I full peed a solid continuously 55 seconds.

*002*2024-07-02 02:02

Yes. My maximum I measured , extremely painful was 1.35 liters. My average max full bladder hold was about 1.25 liters. I was at that point that one time when my son unexpectedly walked in. I didn't want him to notice, and I couldn't get past him without him seeing me tightly squeezing my dick, bent over as I rushed to the bathroom. So I sat in the corner at my desk, squeezing myself tightly both hands between my legs squeezing together as tightly as I could. It was really pure agony , beyond fun . I was in so much pain I was at the point of just giving up and going pee, sacrificing my dignity by letting him see me like that or even peeing in my pants as I rushed past him . I was concerned about doing damage .I really thought I was going to wet my pants where he would see it. It was fear of humiliation that helped me hold that extra 1 milliliter. I did leak some in my pants on the way to the bathroom after he finally left.

I didn't measure the amount I peed when I did a live hold with a pee friend. There I peed hard into a bucket for about 1 minute 10 seconds. She was amazed, I was relieved.

These days I max out around 1 liter

