Caught peeing myself (With @MySecretFetish)

Author: WetandDripping

*000*2024-06-03 23:01

So a few years ago I lived in a shared house as per a previous story of mine Waiting for a Plumber - Three desperate girls.

I had lived in a few weird houseshares before finally finding a decent one with good people. Five of us girls and one guy. The guy being @MySecretFetish and this is the story of our first Omo outing together.

It was summer 2017 and we'd both been living together for a few months, He moved in before me so when I moved in he helped me unpack, we got to know each other quite well and built a really good friendship. He's a decent guy and he looked after me from buying me Tampons when my time of the month came around to cleaning up when I threw up after too many drinks on a night out. We've never been in a relationship in all the years we've been friends but we have been close.

One day I was home alone, I had only recently discovered Omo after a incident at work, but now I was beginning to experiment, I had been drinking Cider all afternoon and got a bit tipsy, alcohol and my bladder have a funny relationship, I can go six pints without needing a wee but once i've broken the seal i'm peeing constantly.

I had a few drinks and the urge was growing, I was lying in my bed with the window open I was gently massaging my vagina and the tingles were amazing. I decided to have my first wee outside since I was a little girl. When I moved house when I was little I was scared of the new toilet so for weeks I was going toilet in the garden until my mum caught me pooping behind a bush.

I slipped out of my good clothes into some old lingerie and a skater skirt before making my way into the garden, I spent an hour rubbing myself sat in the grass and drank another 2 pints of cider, by this time I was desperate to go. I was seeing what control I had over my bladder so was squirting pee until a wet spot appeared. I put my panties to one side and and kneeled seeing if I could keep control.

I was having so much fun, making little puddles in the grass. I decided to wait a little longer, it wasn't going to be long as by now keeping control was hard, I was dribbling if I moved too much. by now my panties was already wet and it was time to go. I got on all fours and lifted my skirt up and let the flow begin, warm pee cascasded down my legs, the relief felt amazing, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling when suddenly I heard the gate open, to my horror I couldn't stop the flow and my housemate walked into the garden.

We locked eyes both confused as to what was happening, "I thought you was on a late shift today" I asked, "No thats tomorrow" he replied, I blushed with embrassment, He put his bike in the shed and went into the house, I panicked following him trying to think of any explanation, he was in the Kitchen and I exclaimed "I can explain" to which he replied "Are you into that are you?" I didn't know what to say, we stood in silence for what felt like an age when I said "I was experimenting, I've drunk too much and I got carried away."

He grinned slightly, "I had my suspicions but was never sure."

And that started the long story of my Housemate and our omo habits.

