I peed my pants on the way back

Author: WetVampyre

*000*2018-01-01 04:24

Here's the wet pant story...

I was working this evening so my partner came to pick me up (we don't have a car and we walk. I live about 20 minutes from home.) I was a bit desperate to pee because I had been very busy and I didn't get a chance to use the toilet. I got changed and somebody offered a drive so we gladly took it.

Once we were home, we realized we forgot to buy some drinks for tonight relaxing gaming night, so we got dressed again and went to the store which is about 10 minutes walk away from our place. I was almost doing the pee pee dance when we left but we had to hurry in case the store would close before we get there. I managed to get at least to the store without wetting. We bought our things and we left. On the way home, I could barely hold it. I had my first spurt of pee at the red light because we had to wait. I was able to regain control but I felt the warmth spread on my butt a little bit. I acted as if nothing happened.

We finally got to cross the street after what I felt was an eternity and we continued to walk towards home. My partner wanted to see something so we did a tiny detour before going home. As we were walking down our street, I felt myself loosing control as I was walking. I was having little spurts here and there and I could feel the pee spreading but I tried to act as natural as possible. I could feel my pee slowly trickling down my leg and spreading on my butt even more.

As I was trying to open the door of our apartment, I started doing the pee pee dance. I really needed to go, even thought i peed my pants a bit on the way home. He noticed right away and then asked me if I needed to pee. I shyly answered yes, I'm about to pee my pants. I finally managed to open the door but I had another big pee spurt in my pants. I got undressed and my partner told me to show him how wet I was. I had a big wet patch on the front of my crotch and my butt was all shiny from the fresh pee. All the inside on my legs were wet down to my knees. He laughed a little and said I had to wear diapers until tomorrow... since I was such a pee pee pants.

