Beach Day

Author: wetfunandy

*000*2018-05-18 15:33

A few months ago I decided to go on a day trip to visit the beach. It was still winter time here in FL, but the weather was beautiful and sunny. It was a bit on the cool side so I didn't bring a suit, I just wanted to enjoy the tranquility of the beach. The drive over is about an hour and a half, and on the way I drank a ton of coffee. By the time I got there I had to pee really bad, no problem, I'll just use the outhouses there. But since it was winter, they were locked. So now I'm beginning to panic a bit. There was no way I would make it to another location without pissing myself first. Then I got an idea. I took off my shoes and went to walk the beach. The waves were coming in pretty good, so they began to splash and get the legs of my jeans a bit wet. Luckily the water didn't feel that cold at all. I continued walking, desperate for relief, and getting wetter by the waves.

Finally I couldn't hold it any longer and began to let out a little bit at a time. Every time a wave splashed up, I let some pee go. Pretty soon I was wet enough that it wasn't noticeable so I just relaxed and let it all out, the warmth soaking down my already wet jeans felt so good! When I was finished, I walked into the ocean to rinse off and continued my walk down the beach to dry off a bit in the sun. I had been walking for about an hour, my jeans now just damp, but now I began to feel the need to poop. I started to turn back to use the beach facilities, but then remembered they were locked. My first thought was this is not good. With all the coffee and caffeine I had this morning, I knew it was going to be a big one. I remember the wonderful relief of just relaxing and letting my pee go in my jeans, so I thought how bad could this be.

Besides, I was wearing a snug pair of Under Armor boxer briefs, so I knew the load would be contained. I continued walking further down the beach, contemplating what I was about to do. After a few more minutes of walking I thought screw it, I stopped walking and began to push. The poop began to come out and slowly began filling up the back of my underwear. I felt my underwear getting pushed outward, then their snugness began to resist and the poop began to start spreading out over my ass. My underwear felt full, but I still had to go more so I pushed again. The next load was a bit softer and really spread out.

Finally I was done and just stood there looking out over the ocean, as if in a trance by what just happened. I reached back to feel the back of my jeans. I could feel the huge bulge in my underwear. I turned and slowly began walking down the beach back to where I had parked my car. As I walked I could feel the mass of poop kind of squishing and moving around with each step I took. This was going to be a long walk back. At one point I contemplated going back in the ocean to empty my pants and clean up.

But my jeans had pretty much dried and I didn't really want to get wet and cold again. So just continued walking. By the time I got back to my car I had to pee again. Since no one was around, I just stood next to my car and peed in my jeans again. I felt that wonderful warmth spread down my legs, and then I felt it soaking into my mess making it feel even softer. When I was done I open my car door and stood there looking at the seat, realizing I would have to sit down in my mess and drive home.

I usually keep a beach towel in the car so I got that and put it over the seat. Slowly I put one leg in and then lowered myself down onto the seat. I could feel my mess really begin to spread out now. There was so much it was spreading forward between my legs, backwards up towards the waistband, and even down the legs of my underwear. I got myself situated, swung my other leg in, and shut the door. So there I was, sitting in my car in pee soaked jeans with a load of poop that had already been in my pants for almost 2 hours, and I still had to drive home for another hour and a half. During the drive home I had the air vents on high heat directed at my pants to dry them out and circulate the air.

By the time I got home my jeans were dry. But when I got out of the car I could see that my mess had soaked through my underwear and jeans and was beginning to make the towel brown. I grabbed the towel and went into my house. I felt like such a mess that I really didn't want to deal with the cleanup just yet. I through the towel in the wash along with my jeans. I left my underwear on with the mess still in them. Then I went and got some sweatpants and a pair of nylon running pants. I put the sweatpants on first then the nylon pants on over. I sat down in my easy chair and watch some TV for a few hours before finally getting up to shower and clean myself off. I even peed again sitting in my chair, but the sweatpants absorbed a lot and the nylon pants kept the wetness from leaking out.

