A day of celebration

Author: Wetboxers

*000*2016-02-23 05:33

So due to the holidays, then a ton of work and travel and other things that have kept me distracted for the past few months, I finally had a chance to try again what I did for the first time back in December and wet in public.

Vaguely, I've had a lot to celebrate these past two weeks—some pretty significant personal accomplishments—and tonight, when out at a concert, I realized three things: that I'd be going home late and in the dark, and alone; that I had nothing pressing to do when I got home; and that I was filling up pretty rapidly and did not want to use the shit washrooms at the concert venue. So I did what I did back in December, and took the subway most of the way home, then walked to a park—the same I used last time (in the Davisville area, for any other Torontonians). Found the very same bench I managed to wet myself publicly on for the first time, and sat myself down.

Unlike last time I did this, when I had to pee to some extent, this time I was positively bursting. Still, I struggle to let go because there's still this part of my brain that gets too excited and tells me to not do this. It took less time to shut it up and I was able to lean forward on the bench and, though I had to force it a bit at first, it wasn't long before I was emptying myself freely.

Then came the problem I'd not thought about: the fact that I still had four blocks to walk and it was sub-zero temperatures. I'd felt warm enough prior to wetting, and certainly while doing it, but afterwards... holy cow it cooled off fast. Even felt icy on my legs by the time I made it home.

But I did make it home, and without anyone being the wiser. Considering how much I drank prior to the first wetting, I already had to go again so I went into the shower and, standing, let go. Something new happened then, and I was able to wet without hesitation or having to push, which is not something I've ever been able to do in all the years I've been doing this (it's always had to be super deliberate). It just came naturally and it felt positively wonderful.

Now, after a late dinner, I'm sitting on a trash bag on my kitchen chair, still wearing the same jeans, and filling up for one final soak before heading to bed.

I do hope it's not long before I have something more to celebrate.

*001*2016-02-23 06:41

Edit: Have done a third full wetting in these jeans, and am holding out on the off chance I have enough in me for a fourth. Currently distracting myself with work while I wait and see what hits first: exhaustion or my bladder.

*003*2016-02-23 18:13

Yeah, it's always been difficult for me to wet without having to force it. But managed, after the first wetting, to do it another three times that night, all with less forcing than at first required.

Four wettings in one pair of jeans, without ever taking them off or getting too uncomfortable. For me, a personal best.

