Wetting while playing videogames

Author: Wetting_Boys

*000*2020-10-31 21:25

Video game wetting

Today I had a day off in a pretty long time. A whole day free and the house to myself. That called for some wetting fun. I woke up at 9:30 and drank a tall glass of water right after waking up. I then had breakfast with my parents as usual. My parents left home 1 hour later and would come back in the late evening, so I had lots of time to kill. I drank 2 tall glasses of fuse tea and was at a 4/10.

At around 11:00 a friend of mine asked me if I could play call of duty warzone with him and a couple of other of my friends. Perfect for my new challenge! For the people who don’t know what warzone is let me explain real quick. Warzone is the battle royale mode of call of duty modern warfare. In a battle royale teams fight until 1 team is left standing. There are 100 people divided in teams of 4 in warzone. An average round of warzone can take between 5 or 45 minutes depending on how far you come.

And if you die, you die. So a break is impossible to take. Sooo back to the story, I go to my room and take a full 1.5 liter bottle of fuse tea with me. I join the online party and start up my game. I’m now at around 6/10. I can definitely feel the need to go but far from desperate. The first few rounds went trash and we all got killed pretty quickly. But after a few rounds we started to do better. Much better. In the fourth round our squad finished 4th place. A round that took more than 30 minutes. And we already played 3 rounds before that so we were roughly 1 hour in. I was now a solid 8/10.

The squad starts a new round and everyone except me of course goes to the bathroom. I instead drank another tall glass of fuse tea, the round starts and I’m fidgeting in my seat. I’m a 9/10. We land near a couple of bunkers and are immediately taken under machine gun and sniper fire. The firefight which follows is intense, 1 of my team members fires back with his own sniper while the other 3 members charge at the enemy squad. We all come in from different angels and 2 team members die and need to be bought back ASAP.

I’m now standing alone against 3 enemies. Our sniper kills an enemy player and I charge their positions and catch them off guard. After the enemy squad is neutralized I loot their stuff and have more than enough money to buy back my fallen teammates. I won the battle but the battle against my blader is lost. I’m leaking heavily into my jeans. Out of nowhere a bullet from a enemy sniper flies over my head. This startled me and I forcefully begin pissing my jeans and chair with a very loud hiss. I continued to play the match in my soaked jeans which took longer than expected. We finished 2th and by that time I had to pee again...

Thank you for reading my story, I hoped you enjoyed. Should i continue posting these personal stories of mine? Let me know down below!

&&

&&

*005*2020-11-06 18:24

{{3 hours ago, RandomWetName said:

Amazing story! Hope you will share more wettings with us 😄

}}

I will, I won’t post often because I’d like to keep the quality high. Glad you liked it!

*006*2020-11-06 18:24

{{On 11/5/2020 at 12:22 AM, autumnn said:

I love the details, especially with the sort of fear/off-guard moment after all the leaking! Definitely keep posting these stories, you’re a great writer!

}}

Thank you, really means a lot.

*007*2020-11-06 18:26

{{On 11/4/2020 at 7:33 PM, HARDnHORNY2CU said:

Oh yeah, keep posting.

}}

I will 😉

*008*2020-11-06 18:26

{{On 11/4/2020 at 2:14 AM, Alex62 said:

Please keep posting! This was great and I can’t wait for more!! Just wondering how old are you?

}}

I’m 18 years old.

