My First Adult Accident

Author: WetDave

*000*2016-10-30 20:32

I've had a couple of wetting accidents as an adult and I'm going to share them here, along with one or two childhood ones I remember too. This is my first adult accident, it happened in my mid twenties. It's quite a long time ago now but I can recall most of it quite accurately.

At that time I was living on my own, working overseas. I frequently used to go out for drinks with work colleagues in the city at weekends in the evening. This one was, if I recall correctly, a Friday evening. I used to live several miles from the city but fortunately there was a local train service to a station about a mile from where I lived.

I used to have a bit of a shy bladder (I don't anymore, haven't for a long time). This sometimes made it a bit tricky using the lavatories in the bars. If I could, I would use a cubical. I could also manage at the urinals if the toilets were otherwise empty, or if they weren't to busy and there was nobody too close to me. Unfortunately, generally speaking, as the evening went on the toilets used to get busier and busier making it harder for me to get the relief I needed after drinking several beers. As a result I was this evening (as usual) pretty desperate when I left the bar to get the last train home. This would have been close to midnight.

My cunning plan was, as usual, to use the toilets at the station. Although there would not be any at the station I would catch my train from, I would have to change after a few stops to get the train to my home. I knew, from past experience, that there were lavatories at the main station I would need to change trains at, and that they were generally not busy in the evenings, so I expected to be able to go there without difficulty.

On the first train I was certainly very desperate but it was nothing I couldn't manage for the 5-10 minutes until I would change trains. I was able to avoid overtly fidgeting or crotch-grabbing and could hold my pee by sitting still and focussing on holding it in.

Soon I was at the main station and rushed off the train. Before going to pee i checked the time of my last train home. Now, these trains are normally every 40 minutes, and I had arrived pretty much randomly so I could expect at least several minutes before my train home. I was in fact used to tedious half-hour waits here for my trains home. However, I was horrified to see that my train would arrive in only two minutes! This was not enough time to get to the toilets and back. I could either go to the toilet and miss my train (which was the last train that evening) or I could get the train and endure a 30 minute train journey with a full bladder. I debated missing the train and using the toilets, but then I would have an expensive 12 mile taxi journey to take. I felt pretty desperate at this time but decided nevertheless to risk it and take the train.

Once on the train and on my way my desperation continued to rise and I started to regret my decision. I watched the familiar stations as we went through, counting them down to my stop, and counting down the time. The train emptied quickly - most people were only travelling a couple of stops - which at least meant I could fidget about, shake my leg and hold my crotch without being observed. I debated in my mind the options I had as I was no longer confident in being able to make it. I was loathe to just pee in the train carriage - I despise people that do that sort of thing making every public place smell of piss - but there were no other options I could see.

As I thought about it more, it occurred to me that there was one station where the train used to wait for four minutes. This was so that the train could be split with the front half going my was and the back half somewhere else. I wondered if I could get off the train, find the bathrooms, relieve myself, and reboard the train in four minutes. I didn't know where the toilets would be as I'd never been there before. But maybe in the darkness, at the end of the platform, I would be able to let myself go and then nip back onto the train? Would it be dark though? I couldn't remember how well lit the platform was. I couldn't remember whether it was generally busy with passengers at that time or not. I didn't know. But I could decide when we got there.

As we pulled into that station I realised to my disappointment I wouldn't be able to do it. There were station staff there, and the station was brightly lit. I just had to hang on. I convinced myself that I could. I wasn't leaking, there was no wet patch in my jeans. It wouldn't take long to get home now - it was only 12 minutes to my stop. I danced about in my seat, firmly holding myself through my jeans and willed the train to start moving and for those few minutes to go past.

Finally the train started moving again and I continued to hold on for dear life. I may have leaked a bit, my memory is a bit hazy on this, but I don't think so. My bladder was strong in those days. But I was so, so, desperate.

The relief I felt when the train started slowing for my stop was enormous. I stood up, still holding myself, and moved to the door. Then I had to let go of myself as a couple of other people further along the carriage also got up in readiness for leaving the train. I wasn't going to hold myself in front of others. And we were so near now. Although I had a mile to walk home I would be able to pee just outside the station. The station was on the edge of the small town with fields at the back of the station with the town to the front. I would just nip round to the back and relieve myself there.

The train slowed to a halt and the doors slid open. Aargh! What a near miss! I congratulated myself on having managed to hold it all the way home without mishap.

As I stepped off the train the cold night air hit me. I felt a spurt of pee escape. So near, yet so far. Just a few yards along the platform, out of the station I would be able to let go. I tried to hold it but another spurt escaped, and another, and suddenly I just couldn't hold it any more and it all just started streaming down my legs and puddling on the ground. I just stood there while it all poured out. My blue jeans were soaked to the ankles and the puddle was spreading across the station platform. I looked up to see if anybody had noticed. But of course all the people in front of me were walking away from me, towards the exit. I could hear footsteps behind me. However it was could not possibly have missed the fact that I had wet myself. I didn't turn round to face them, I couldn't bear that, so I just followed the people in front and left the station by the rear exit. I walked home via the path alongside the fields that day, the long way round, to hide my shame from others.

After that incident I was always much more careful about peeing, and I always made sure I had time to go at the station before my last train home after that. It was to be many years before my next wetting accident and I will post the story of that next one here soon.

*005*2016-10-31 19:40

Thanks guys, I'm glad you liked it. At the time it was acutely embarrassing but at the same time arousing as well. My omo interest had been dormant for a few years then and this incident re-awakened my interest and led to a spate of deliberate accidents over the next couple of years. It was to be another 20 years before my next real, unintentional wetting accident though.

@mugfulloftea - I read your story too. I liked it! However I never dare just let a bit out because once I've started I can't stop it.

@Fred46888 - I don't think of myself as having a strong bladder. After all, I have accidentally wet myself a couple of times and I have concluded that this just doesn't happen to most people. However, looking back, I do think I did quite well to hold it as long as I did that night.

I'll post my second adult accident in a few days. Or maybe my last (and only one I can remember) childhood accident instead.

