Poker Night Unexptected Leak in Public Restroom

Author: Whitty

*000*2024-12-28 22:17

It was my real story two weeks ago. My friend and his GF invited me to join their dinner, so I brought my poker and some card games.

I peed once when I arrived at their place, and that was the only thing for me because I didn't expect what would happen next. We had our dinner, I drank about 1 L in total.

While we are playing poker, the game is my own created game and it is about fighting resources with hands. I feel a little of my pee but not really in a hurry, so I didn't give it too much attention.

My friend's GF had a very heavy fight with our cards at a round. She was the host of the round but couldn't win, so instead of letting me win, she let her BF win. I said why did you do that, what is the point of letting me lose. She was a little emotional and then, started to cry because she lost the round and I said that. The air suddenly became embarrassing. My friend was busy confronting her, and I have to leave right now.

At the time I was out waiting for the elevator, I suddenly realized I needed to pee. But asking my friend to let me use their bathroom would be very embarrassing. So I said ok it is only half an hour back to my home so it is totally acceptable.

I walked to the train station with my almost full bladder and sat on the train. I can feel it growing right inside of me, getting larger slowly every second. 10 mins later, the train moves. I thought it will take only 10 mins to arrive at my stop, but in the middle, the train stoped. Two maintenance guy opened the door next to me and got off on the track. They had a very short conversation with the train driver, but I could only concentrate on holding my own pee. I had to hold it hard or it will leak for real.

I tried to change my posture in my seat, but there were many people around me. It would be even more embarrassing if they saw me doing strange things on my seat, I really can't let other people know I was holding pee. I can only pray the train may start moving earlier. But they were having that conversation about when the train will come back to pick those two maintenance guys up! Of course they didn't know I was holding, of course nobody knew how desperate I was. I was helpless, but can only pretend there was nothing. I started shaking my legs, but it didn't help anything. I still had to hold it hard, and smile to everyone who looked at me.

Then the train moved. And it arrived at my stop 8 mins later than my expectation. I was really full at that moment. I got off the train, walked fast toward my home. It was another 10 mins walk. I was unable to hold anything, but all the shops were closed at that time. I have to hold it and kept walking. I felt that huge water polo shaking inside me, up and down, when I was walking. It was so painful, I had to clenth my teeth to help me hold it.

Finally I arrived at my apartment, but there is another elevator! Hopefully there wasn't anyone waiting with me, because I can't control my body's movement. I was twisting so much. After I got in the elevator, luckily there wasn't anyone. Otherwise I couldn't imagine what will happen if I still have to stand still in the elevator. I just don't want other people to know I am holding, because that will be so humiliating.

Even I got on my floor, I can't reach my room. I thought I have less than a minute before I burst. I got into the public restroom right next to the elevator, and while I unfasten my button on my pants, I started leaking myself. I was almost crying, because I stand right in front of the toilet. If my bladder is 10 ml larger then it wouldn't happened. I empty myself with the rest of my pee, and walked back to my room with a wet pants.

It was so humiliating, like I was a baby with no power controlling myself. The time I walked back home was burning my nerves because I was so full, that I cannot think about anything beside asking my mussle to hold. But, after everything and when I look back, it was such an amazing experience. I remind my sour bladder.

