Second desperation worked way better than rapid desperation for me

Author: WetLesbian

*000*2022-02-05 14:18

First I need to introduce myself, I'm a 20yo Girl, I like omorashi (wow what a surprise) and I love desperation, also I'm french so I apologie for the typos. sometimes when I have the time, I do a hold because I love that feeling when all your muscles just give up and you piss yourself. The first problem is that I hold pretty well, so doing it takes a lot of time. The second probleme is I'm a student, and I love what I'm studying so I work a lot, I don't have much time to make holds every week and sorry but my studies come first. so I always looked for a way to speed up the desperation, never found something that really worked, rapid desperation was making me desperate a bit quicker but it wasn't enough, and I don't plan to wear diapers 24h a day for a week to purposely weaken my bladder. BUT I did something this week end, not that much on purpose actually and it worked really well:

So went for the good ol hold by drinking sodas and tea etc you know how it works. it took too much time so at the end I purposely peed myself, I changed and did some work.

I was still drinking a lot (sodas and water) and I felt the need to pee way sooner than I thought, I actually didn't plan to make a second hold at first, but when I became desperate way quicker too, I said to pyself "wait is this THE solution?" so I started drinking more and held the pee.

But this time it was different, my muscle were weaker than usually and holding was really hard. Because the cleaning part of omorashi is always a pain in the ass for me, I decided to go to in the shower for the last minute of the hold, But when I stood up I started leaking. I entered my shower and i took me like 30 seconds before my muscle completely gave up, and pissed myself. this felt so good. and for 20 minutes I was completely incontinent.

The the first advantage is that you can probably make a rapid desperation with it, wich will speed up the thing even more. the second advantage is that you can do that multiples times, actually as long as you're still drinking water, your bladder will fill up and your muscle wil still be weakened by the previous hold.

I hope you liked my story, I'm not on omorg a lot but sometimes a post things, for those who remember I created an incontinence mod for the sims 4, I plan to post an update one day but for now I'm trying to fix the bugs. Anyway have a nice day !

