Outdoor Wetting Ideas

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-07-06 00:14

Looking for some ideas for fun, creative outdoor wettings! Recently I've released a full bladder one slow leak at a time while riding my bike, getting my legs, shoes and bike seat nice and soaked in the process.

Also peed through my shorts standing up into a creek (awesome sound effects).

I've had accidents recently in line at a festival surrounded by people, at a train station, and released some spurts in a club.

Some other ideas I have are:

1) peeing off a bridge with my crotch on the edge and one leg dangled over the side (so the bridge gets plenty wet but it also runs down my leg and sprays into/off of my shoe). The sight and sound of running water is great at making me lose control!

2) wetting a wooden park bench and leaving a nice wet spot behind (and possibly a puddle underneath!) as evidence

3) wetting upside down lying on a hill or hanging from a tree so it soaks my shirt.

Post your ideas! I have this week off and have been trying to wet at least once every day!

*001*2022-07-06 01:01

{{5 minutes ago, SomewhatSoaked said:

I suggested this to another member but you may also be interested!

Find an outdoor bar or patio where you can go for drinks and don’t use the bathroom. When you can’t hold it anymore, just let it go! Bonus points if there are any games to play and you wet yourself while playing a game.

}}

Whoah, that sounds very daring! Most of my public wettings have been semi-secluded or it was so crowded no one really noticed. Have you done that?! Would love to hear the story

*003*2022-07-07 01:48

{{7 hours ago, strokeknight2 said:

Please just don't leave a mess for someone else to clean up, or force others to watch you enjoy your kink.

I like to go for walks at night and drink a lot of water before I leave. I see if I can make it to a certain park and back without having an accident. Other times I'll get desperate and go sit on the grass at a park and read until I lose control. In a kink club I used to go to, sometimes I would go to the restroom and stand in front of the urinal with my pants unbuttoned and my hands down there, but let several spurts go in my underwear before I finish in the urinal. I've also sat on the toilet and peed through boxer briefs and pulled my pants back up over the wet underwear.

I always wear black, so the wet spots are never really noticeable, especially at night.

}}

Those are all super great ideas! Peeing through my underwear and then pulling my pants back up has been something I wanted to try for a while.

And re: the first sentence, don't worry, I wouldn't. I prefer going outside (especially in the forest) in secluded spots.

