Enjoy Being Denied And Being A Desperate Woman

Author: Whitty

*000*2024-12-09 21:44

*I am still holding when writing this post... I hope I can finish typing before I start leaking.

I really love holding pee, I love the feeling of a fulfilled bladder. While I am holding, I feel like there is something special coming into my fantasies.

I just got home from my college class today and decided to go straight into a pee desperation afternoon. So I just say: OK lady, please know that you cannot pee before permission. As my bladder gets bigger, that sense of sourness and pain starts to dominate my lower belly. And being denied to empty it just feels sooo gooood!

While holding, I will be telling myself to put on underwear and even a swimsuit, leggings, or a bodysuit. I like the touch of the fabric holding me and my bladder. They are an extra layer locking me away from releasing.

As my fantasies, being a woman means losing the privilege of releasing freely. I remember those times when I was waiting in a bathroom line. Men can just directly go in and pee, but not me... So I will speak to myself when I feel my bladder full: being a demure lady is to hold the pee, is to remember that I cannot pee as my will.

So if I say the pleasure of pee desperation, it will be denying my basic body needs, and reminding me what should a desperate lady accept about her inferior position.

I will get a little turned on when I imagine myself being denied from releasing (or even touching). I enjoy being a little urinal who is destined to be denied to pee.

No offense, it is just my personal fantasies

Right now I am shaking and it seems to be really reaching the point omg.

&&

&&

&&

*003*2024-12-28 21:38

{{On 12/20/2024 at 11:16 PM, wettingman said:

I love pee holding and desperation. That is quite the full bladder bulge you have got there. You seem at the edge of losing control. Awesome. So what happened, how did this end ? Did you have permission to pee or did you hold it until you couldn't and made a nice puddle on the floor?

}}

So in the end, I tried to hold it while changing into different clothes to see what my belly looks like in them.

I finally put on a skinny dress and lay on the bed watching my phone to get distracted. At a certain point I was so full, that I had to bend myself or I could not stand up. It is so painful and sour in my bladder but I straight up myself and looked into the mirror. It popped up so much, like the largest for the year for me. So I wanted to hold a little more, then I stood up crossing my legs for a few minutes and I can't hold it anymore. I sat on the toilet and peed for 5 seconds and got relieved.

Then I continued to hold for another 30 minutes, I tried to play some video games but I just could not concentrate. Suddenly when I stood up, I leaked all on my floor, literally all. I tried to hold it back, but my bladder won't listen to me. So I was just there, watching myself unable to control anything, for like around 2 minutes. It was then finally over. Huge amount of pee on the floor, and it took a few minutes for me to clean it up :)

