Male Friend’s Desperation

Author: wetboxerbriefs

*000*2023-05-24 12:09

I recently moved out of my old apartment in which I shared a bathroom with my male roommate. I had the opportunity to see him desperate to pee on multiple occasions and some of the situations got me really turned on. I thought I’d share with you all some of the situations that stuck out to me. He’s a shorter athletic guy on the skinnier side and he has a pretty small bladder. I’ll call him L for the sake of privacy. He is very verbal about when he needs to pee and mentioned it to me many times.

One night he came home from the local college bar which is extremely busy on the weekends. The bar has two bathrooms both with only three urinals, but you can hardly move through the sea of people on a crowded night. He told me to avoid the long bathroom lines, he left the bar a few times to pee in the alley behind the bar. On one occasion, he had to go so bad he had no choice but to wait in line because he couldn’t make it to the alley in time.

Once on a long car ride together with some other friends he was drinking a lot of water, and one of our friends mentioned needing the restroom. He spoke up and said, “I didn’t want to say anything but I really need to go too.” We finally pulled over to a gas station and he did a little run inside. Once I got inside, I noticed he was waiting outside the men’s bathroom door. Someone was clearly inside, and he was bobbing up and down. “I’m dying to pee dude” is what he told me when I caught up with him. Once the other guy left, he scurried in and was inside for almost 5 minutes.

Another time at home, he was in the middle of doing dishes. He was wearing a pair of white athletic shorts, and I noticed he was pulling at his crotch. I came into the kitchen and he told me “I really need to pee.” At one point, he fully cupped his crotch with one hand and moaned in desperation. I offered to finish the dishes, in which he quickly accepted. He sprinted to the bathroom, and I’m sure it was a close call.

Finally, we were playing video games together for an hour and a half or so. I didn’t think anything of the time, but his small bladder must have been bothering him for a while. Once we got to a stopping point, he brushed his hands over his crotch and said, “I’ve been dying for a piss.” Once he stood up though, he almost doubled over. He grabbed his crotch for a second and started making a beeline for the bathroom. As he ran to the toilet, he moaned and yelled out, “I’ve waited too long!” He must’ve made it just in time.

I’ve never seen him actually wet himself or need to change his pants, but the desperate situations he’s had have been exciting for me to see.

