First Public Wetting - Late Night Drives

Author: wetsalesman

*000*2019-10-02 19:24

This experience story covers my first time wetting myself clothed. This is also my first story ever, so forgive the run on sentences and such. I’m usually better with numbers than words. Enjoy.

My Omo interests started when I was beginning high school. I was the nerdy skater that was into some interesting kinks but refused to tell anyone or talk about it with anyone. I would visit sites like WetSet back then, but always preferred a more amateur. After watching videos online I would wet myself in my bedroom at night and have everything cleaned up before my parents woke the next morning. This bedroom isolation fun went on for about 2 years, but then getting my drivers license changed everything. It provided freedom and privacy that I had not experienced before. It. Was. Awesome.

Once I had my license I was able to go out into the public darkness of night and yet be outside but also being in the privacy of my car with dark tinted windows. At this time in my life I also bought and sold collectible action figures, so I routinely scoured the local Walmarts and up and down the coast on Friday and Saturday nights for newly shelved hard to find items.

It was decided that one weekend that I would be driving about 2 hours away and then back late at night I was going to wet myself in my car while driving home. The timing would have allowed most of my pants to dry so no one at home should notice, plus getting home long after midnight, no one would be up at home anyways. (I lived one of those unsupervised childhoods, as long as I brought home honor roll my parents didn’t care how late I stayed out or where I went. They just figured if I brought home good grades, I must be doing something right in life, hahaha).

On with the night...

My collectible hunting nights typically consisted of visiting 5-6 Walmart stores. These were typically within a 90 minute radius of my home. Sadly, today I can now visit 5 Walmart’s within 30 minutes; they freaking took over man! I typically keep a water bottle with me to stay hydrated as one should, but this night I was going to drink 2-3 water bottles during the night; but of course pass up on all of the restrooms in each store.

The night started off as usual (except I had a few extra towels and a large plastic trash bag in my car that I don’t usually carry). At the first store I wandered around the door department and scoped out all of the ‘new’ stock pallets they roll out after 10p for overnight stocking. This is the key time to go, when the pallets haven’t even been unloaded. Since I brought a water bottle inside since holding was the name of the game that night. I had finished my first bottle before I left my first stop of the night. While I was proud of this accomplishment, I realized the tortuous fun this will cause in the short future.

I head off to my next store, aware that I could pee, but not so much that I needed to pee. The process repeats at the next two stores, each time consuming half a bottle of water and bypassing the toilets again.

As I get to my fourth stop, I’m feeling pretty okay still, until I got out of the car and stood up. Then it hit me, my bladder shot from a 3/4 to a 6/7. I had to take a moment and compose myself next to my car before heading to the entrance doors, I didn’t want anyone to see me desperate or look suspicious. Back then, after midnight the stores are empty; but that also makes you easier to spot as one of the few shoppers, you wanted to remain discreet to not be noticed. I walk into the store and proceeded to the toy aisles and started wander back and forth as usual.

After a few minutes I found myself wandering, but then realizing I wasn’t actually paying attention to the items. My mind was focused on the increasing pressure and attention being demanded by my bladder. Becoming aware of this, I proceeded to drink more water and go back to focusing on my task. After finding some items I had to now go check out, with a cashier! No self checkout back then. I’m desperate and dying, but also loving the pressure. So I go up, smile and make small talk with the cashier while slightly squirming, with a slight smile that probably said I was up to something. Grabbing my receipt I decide I was going to start heading home, but first to prep my car.

I got out the large trash bag and wrapped my vinyl (LOL, the irony) seats. I then dropped several towels across the seat to catch between my legs but also any side wetness and to soak up puddling. Happy with my handy work I sat down, removed my wallet and belt and proceeded to head towards home. After probably less than 10 minutes I am now dying to pee. The pressure had mounted to a point of pee now, somewhere, cause it’s gonna happen. I continued down the road while simultaneously relaxing, and it happened. It actually happened. A little dribble at first and then followed by a steady stream. The dark patch on the front of my pants quickly grew and spread to the sides and slowly ran down the outside of my thighs as well. I loved it. I felt so safe and warm and relaxed with my self. I really enjoyed it.

On the drive home I ended up peeing my pants several more times, so much for drying them out before getting home. When I arrived at home, the house was dark and everyone was clearly asleep; this was a good thing since my pants were very clearly soaked front to back to my knees. I quietly crept into the house, peeled off my wet cloths and hid them until the morning when I could run my own wash.

The night was a first of many similar to this. This was the start to a new kink in my life, one I still enjoy to this day.

