Worst ever accident

Author: wetchris

*000*2021-10-02 11:24

A few nights ago I had the worst public accident of my life!

I had been to a show up in London and as I had been for a pee during the interval didn't bother using the theatre toilet again before heading for home. During the evening I had a glass of wine and a bottle of water

I had a walk to one of the London Underground stations and then had two trains to catch with a journey that should have taken about an hour. I had been travelling about 40 minutes when I arrived at the connecting station only to see no indication as to when the next train home would arrive.

By this time I was beginning to need a pee but only a 5/10. I became more concerned though when I went to the gents to find it locked. A sign said they closed the toilets at 9pm and it was now nearly 11.30

My friend and I waited and waited but the indicator board showed no signs of trains to my destination and other trains just came and went.

I looked on the London Transport ap on my phone and discovered a train was due in 15 minutes. Despite this I was getting anxious because my bladder was painful and I was now a 7/10.

The scheduled train didn't arrive and there was no sign of when it would. To add to my problems we had been "adopted" by a chap who was clearly quite drunk and wanted to make conversation. I just wanted to pee!

In the end we had no option but to order a taxi to take us the few miles back to where my car was parked. Luckily the guy who had adopted us had an Uber Ap and found it would only be ten minutes. We stood at the station entrance but I was finding it difficult now to stand still. I wanted to squeeze myself through my trousers, that always helps when I am desperate, but I knew it would draw attention to my plight.

I should add that the friend I was with knows I suffer from overactive bladder and sometimes have difficulty holding on. He could see I was anxious and asked" Are you needing the toilet." I nodded.

Once the taxi arrived we all had to pile onto the back seat because of Covid restrictions but at least I was able to put my bag on my lap which meant I could squeeze myself quite discreetly. The only trouble was that as I did I could feel wetness on my trousers and realised I was leaking.

I was in an incredible state of anxiousness, I could feel my heart pounding and was sweating red in the face.

"Try to hold on we were nearly there" said my friend. But every so often I felt pee escaping into my boxer briefs. At least I had dark coloured trousers on.

We arrived at the local station where my car was and we all got out. We stood there as my friend sorted out our half of the fare.

But it was all too much and standing there I began to piss uncontrollably. Instinctively I grabbed myself to try and stop it but it was useless and I pissed down my leg and over my shoes. Our "adopted" friend noticed and proclaimed: "You pissing yourself. Oh fucking hell mate why didn't you ask the driver to stop." I just stood there clearly making a puddle.

I just said I would be okay and once I had collected myself we walked to my car, me with soaking wet trousers.

At least at home I was able to snap the damage and hope it will give some of you a turn on. My bladder was sore for hours afterwards.

&&

*005*2021-10-08 13:18

I didn't post a picture of my trousers as they were dark grey and didnt really show the wetness like my boxer briefs.

