Rapid desperation + a full day of rewetting (with pics)

Author: WetMoth

*000*2022-08-28 14:55

I tried posting this under live-action omorashi while it was happening, but unfortunately I hadn’t reached my 7 posts on this new account yet so it got denied and I lost it all, but I’ll try my best to write out the experience!

On Friday, I decided to try out rapid desperation for the first time. Around 1pm, I started drinking a glass of water every 15 minutes, and using the toilet every 15 minutes. At first it was really hard to go when I felt I didn’t need to, but by an hour in I was starting to feel the need to go at the 10 minute mark between trips. After about an hour and a half, I drove to Wendy’s to buy a large lemonade and fries to make me thirsty, and I had to try my best not to squirm while sharing the elevator back up to my apartment with someone.

After about 2.5 hours (I sort of lost track, but that’d be just over 10 glasses of water, since I brought a bigger water bottle on my car ride), I stopped using the toilet, and started drinking my lemonade. The need to pee steadily grew to a 6 or 7 over the next 40 minutes, until I stood up from my desk to make and drink an ice coffee and rocketed to a 9. I went from needing to bounce my leg to constantly shifting positions, holding myself, and just repeating “oh my god oh my god” under my breath.

After about 10 more minutes, it was shifting from fun to hurting, but I really wanted to have a genuine accident. I tragically have a bladder of steel so I’ve never been able to make myself have one, and hoped this would be the way. My back was starting to hurt, and I blamed it on the sports bra I was wearing, so I went to my bedroom and changed into a more comfortable bikini top. I should note now that on the bottom I had on soft dark grey capri-length leggings and grey panties.

After I got changed, I went out to my balcony where I wanted to wet myself. It’s got a tinted glass railing, which provides just enough privacy while still wetting myself out in the open air. I sat down on my patio chair for a minute, switching positions constantly cause no matter what I did it hurt. I stood up then, dancing and holding myself, and decided that I probably wouldn’t be able to have a genuine accident anytime soon, so I should let a little out.

The spurt immediately went down my leg, and while I could make it stop, I only did for a second before slowly releasing everything down my legs and into a massive puddle on the ground. It wasn’t the genuine accident floodgates releasing that I was hoping for, but it did feel amazing. A few times, while still wetting myself, I had to kick the puddle backwards so it wouldn’t drip down off my balcony.

When I was done, I knew I wanted to stay in my wet clothes for a while, so I walked to my bathroom, trying my best not to leave a trail of drips, and took some photos. I checked my phone and it had only been an hour since I started holding. It was hard to see the wet spot on my leggings, but I pulled them down to reveal a beautiful dark spot on my panties. I was starting to feel more of the liquids reach my bladder, so I decided to film myself peeing through my wet panties a little. In the video, you can hear me say “oh shit” as I didn’t realize how much was left in me and it started to drip onto the floor.

I pulled my leggings back up, peed a little more in them, and realized there was enough in me to wet them a second time in 5 minutes. I stepped into my shower and released nearly as much as I had the first time, completely soaking my leggings again.

I wanted to enjoy the wet feeling for longer, so I grabbed my bath towel and sat it on my desk chair. After a little while, I felt some more liquid reach my bladder, and I let it out into my leggings and towel whenever I felt like it.

Eventually I let the need build up again and went back out to the balcony to fully wet my pants again, taking a few more photos while they were wet and shiny.

I went back to my desk for a while, before deciding I should do the last few dishes in the sink, as I planned to hand-wash everything when I was done. As I did the dishes, I released a few times just until the pee reached the bottom of the pants, as I was trying not to leave a puddle in my kitchen. It didn’t work, though, I let a little too much out at once and there was a wet spot below my feet. If I already had to clean up a small puddle, I thought I may as well enjoy making a big puddle, and fully released once the dishes were done. It felt wonderfully naughty to wet myself in the middle of my kitchen, and I left a decently sized puddle below me. I wiped it up with paper towel, and returned to my desk to release little spurts at a time again.

Around 7pm, I had been in my wet clothes for about 4 hours, and I decided it was time for a finale. I tried holding on while playing a game, but by 8pm I had to leave mid-match because I was getting too desperate to focus. I was probably only at a 6 or 7, but after what I’d put my bladder through all afternoon, it was too much for me. I went back out to the balcony, and fully soaked my leggings again. It felt especially nice now, as the sunset meant that it felt hot against the cooling evening air. Once it started to cool down, I did it again to warm myself up. At this point, I had fully soaked these leggings 7 times (I may have missed 1 in writing this out, but I remember counting 7 at the time, I think I forgot a second shower wetting). Every part of them was completely soaked except for my hips.

I decided it was time to take them off, and I spent some time in just my soaked panties, which were also soaked except for the hips, but showed it better with a nice dark stain. I filmed myself wetting the panties twice, the puddle on the balcony now being about 4 feet across, then sat in the puddle and added a little more to it after a while.

Finally, I decided to go inside and clean up, but I did pee in the shower too.

Here’s some of my favourite photos from the day! I posted some of the videos already in the video section, if you want check them out.

IMG_7582.MOV

*003*2022-08-28 21:18

{{2 hours ago, wilbob76 said:

That is so hot! Can't wait for the vid posts to be approved so I can watch them. You have my follow and a new fan!❤️

}}

Thank you!! I'm glad you liked them ❤️ It was such a fun day!

*008*2022-08-29 14:25

{{1 hour ago, potte said:

Thanks for sharing those lovely picture and that great description!

And ++++ for the perspective from above where you stand in the puddle! I have to say you have very pretty feet! (Sorry a bit off topic, but to me it's half the fun 😛)

!

}}

Thank you! I can't say I've ever been told that before, but I appreciate it!

*010*2022-08-29 15:18

{{7 minutes ago, potte said:

Wow, that is beyond my understanding.

If you were ever to include such a picture again I know I wouldn't complain 🤩

}}

Next time I use my pants instead of a diaper, I'll be sure to get a good shot just for you!

