My First Wetting Experience~!

Author: WetandKinky13

*000*2021-11-07 02:22

Hello! I have just joined and though I would tell my first wetting story from some time in 2019 or 2020! I though I wrote this story down at one point but I guess I never did! Anyways, It all started at a rehearsal for a show choir I was in at the time (I'm not anymore because I moved) I had been drinking water from a large hydro flask throughout the night and my bladder began to twinge as a sat in my chair singing cheesy show choir songs. alas, I didn't think much of it, as I thought to myself "eh I will go after class, no big deal!" Then something great happened, my mom came up to me and said she would be out of the house for dinner and that a family friend would be taking me home. that is when I got an idea, I was going to wet myself in the shower!

By the time class was over, my desperation (and horniness) grew. I got into my mom's friends car and she drove me to my house, I acted natural and I think we talked about politics, but at this time I REALLY needed to pee. I ran upstairs and ripped of my sweatpants and jacket. I stood in the shower gripping my throbbing cock, in my tight white underpants DESPERATE to pee! I did this for about ten minutes until I decided I was gonna release it! I removed my hands from my cock and muttered something along the lines of "I can't believe I'm doing this" and then the hot flow started. It came out like a river and I moaned, it felt so wrong yet so right. my tight white undies became yellow and I gripped the side of my shower as my legs started to give way in pleasure.

My legs eventually gave way and I fell into my tub as a large puddle formed. eventually this piss stopped and I sat there for a second and said something along the lines of "I cant believe I did that." I then began to masturbate, using the piss as lube. some piss had also gotten on my chest and the smell was heavenly! it did not take me long to cum and the load was hot and massive. multiple spurts of pure lust. after this I took a shower and threw away my soggy underpants as they would never be the same after the events that took place. to this day, this has been my one and only wetting experience as it is incredibly hard to find time to do wettings as I live with my parents and am still in high school. overall though this experience was great and I would gladly do it again! I may not be happy about my fetish but I certainly make the most of it!

PS, while writing this I started dripping precum into my pants just thinking about it lol!

