Peed at the Car

Author: Wet-Robert

*000*2023-10-21 11:39

This happened back in Summer, I was on a Solo-Roadtrip sleeping in my Car on Campsites. Bering alone on the Road, of course I had fun with my bladder most of the days and always stayed very hydrated.

The day I want to talk about was no exception. It was quite warm, I stayed on a large campsite next to the Ocean. I backed into my spot, behind my hatch started a wooded area and next to my on bother sides bigger cars were parked. So no one could really see me. Getting to the toilets took about 5min to walk.

The site had a site entrance which led to an concreted area with several diving platforms into the ocean. When I arrived I just had to pee a bit, but after jumping in the not expected cold-water,y bladder screamed for release. So why holding onto it? I let loose and as always it felt amazing.

After this I stayed at water for about an hour swimming, jumping and having a good time. But some dark clouds rolled at me so I grabbed my stuff and went back to my car.

I hung up my towel, sat down on my trunk and opened a beer. I already felt my bladder, but it wasn't really full.

I started talking to one of my neighbours for about 20 mins, feeling my need to wee increasing. So I was happy, when I finally said that he and his wife had to leave for dinner. I immediately sat down again, which helped to hold but more importantly I could hold my self again. I was probably now on an 8/10, feeling my bladder pressing hard in my lower part begging to bee released.

Just to clarify, I just peed in the morning after waking up and the one time in the water. It was now 17:00 and I have drank about 1,5l of ice tea and a bit of water.

I didn't want to leave for the toilets.

First I didn't want to walk over to them holding my self, second i didn't know If I would be able to make it.Because I had to close my car and clean up some things before doing that and I had no idea where the card was to open the toilethouse.

All this happened while I was sitting on the back of my car, still in my now dried up swimming shorts. Holding my penis shut, while a big balloon full of hot piss, pressed to be released. It felt like it was already on the tip of my dick.So I had an idea.

I looked around and thank god, there was no one around!

I slipped of my car and squated down, with my pants still on. I pressed, but wetting the first time in this position it took a second attempt. Than the damn broke and boy can I tell you, realising this hot piss felt amazing. Feeling my pee running down my ass and dripping down into the Forresty dirt was something I never had before. It took nearly a minute to let everything out, the ground soaked it up immediately.

Having the holding and wetting kink, of course I got horny and while still peeing my dick went hard. I grabbed a towel, slipped back into my car and only needed some strokes to come into the allready wet shorts.

Having my mind now off my bladder I could search for the card, close everything up and walk over to the shower building for an much need rinsing of.

