Peeing From A High Spot

Author: wettingman

*000*2016-05-14 16:17

Besides wetting my pants, I have always been fascinated by peeing from a high point. I really enjoy seeing my stream arch out and way down. I want to pee off something like a bridge, a high building, or a cliff. Unfortunately, the opportunities of doing this are limited, especially today with surveillance cameras everywhere.

This is a story about a time that I achieved my goal, occurred about ten years ago. I had forgotten about it until Gemmy somehow found my "Misbehaving at Work" tale, and brought it to page one (thank you Gemmy). That was one of my first posts here over three years ago.

My girlfriend back then lived near where I worked, about an hour’s drive from my home. She was not into pee play at all, but we talked about it, and I mentioned I wanted to pee off something high. She told me about an old, long abandoned railroad trestle, over a stream, in the woods a short walk from her home.

I prepared for my adventure by drinking plenty of fluids and holding my pee until I was very desperate. In my quest to enjoy the desperation as long as possible, I may have held it too long.

As I left her house she giggled at me because I was walking stiffly, due to my painfully distended, over full bladder. I refrained from using my hand in front of her.

Once I was in the woods, alone, my need to pee increased drastically. Walking, plus my bladder realizing that relief was near, increased the pressure in my penis and at my pee hole. I quickly became concerned that I was going to pee in my pants. Since I wanted to pee off the trestle, and my girlfriend would disapprove if I did wet, I had to hang on. I began squeezing my penis tightly with my hand. That kept me dry for a few minutes.

Then, as I approached my destination, I heard the rushing water of the stream that ran under the bridge. As you know running water is bad news for someone desperate to pee. My penis seemed to rapidly fill with pee, and the pressure at my pee hole was so intense, I was sure I would leak any second. I had not considered this situation. I stopped crossed my legs, squeezed tighter,then hurried on.

The direction I had taken brought me next to the stream below the bridge. There was a steep incline I had to climb to reach the top. AHHH, why did I wait so long? I had to pee so badly. As I climbed the hill I lost my footing in the loose dirt. I needed both hands to catch myself to keep from falling. As I did so I leaked a little. As soon as I regained my footing I squeezed myself to stop the leak. I checked for damage, and it was confined to my white cotton briefs.

However, perhaps the seal was broken, combined with, the water was rushing below, and I was exerting myself climbing, bringing me even closer to losing control. I dribbled and leaked a bit more as I reached the top of the hill, but relief was within sight. There was now a tiny wet spot in my jeans, but not very noticeable.

Then, there was another unforeseen complication. Like I said this trestle was long abandoned. The tracks were gone as well as any protective fence. There was nothing between or below the rail ties. This meant I had to walk slowly and step very carefully, from tie to tie to get out over the stream. I felt another leak coming and clamped down, both inside and out to try to stop it. I failed, this time losing a one second spurt. It did nothing to relieve any pressure, and I continued to slowly leak. It felt great, but now my jeans were visibly wet.

I was almost where I wanted go, but not quite,to the center of the bridge. It would have to do; I was wetting my pants. I unzipped and pulled my already slowly peeing penis from my jeans, and let go. Relief! It was about 90 feet (30 meters) to the stream below. Under the intense pressure from my hold my stream arched out a good 10 feet and down to the rushing water below for over a minute. It was quite enjoyable.

I put myself away and noticed the baseball sized wet spot in the front of my jeans. As much as I would like that at other times, not in this case. My gf knew about my wetting fetish, but did not approve.

I walked about a bit so my pants would dry, but then went home to face her, still obviously having peed in my pants. Thankfully, she just teased me a bit about waiting too long, and let it go at that.

We are no longer together, and unfortunately this spot no longer exists. Apparently, the town owned the land. Late one night a highly intoxicated man wandered back there, and fell off the bridge. He was seriously injured and sued the town. I don’t understand this. He was drunk, and wandering through the woods in complete darkness. Should one expect that to end well? Anyway the trestle was blocked off then dismantled.

