Cinco De Mayo Unexpected Fun

Author: wetspandex19

*000*2018-05-07 10:32

So for Cinco de Mayo my friends and I all went out to dinner and of course started the night with Margaritas before we headed back home to get ready for a night out. I had planned on getting desperate a little before we left so I could have some fun by myself holding, wetting, and getting off when I got home. Anyways, we get ready and drank more then headed out. I was wearing black leather shorts and a maroon crop for those of you wondering.

We arrive at the club and I’m already pretty desperate from drinking at the house but still had to wait in line to get in. I crossed my legs in line and held it but of course this made me hornier and hornier but we had just gotten there so I wanted to stay so I headed to the bathroom as soon as we made it through the line. I remembered why I loved the club so much as I watched several desperate girls shifting or pee dancing in line.

As the night went on we danced and I met a really interesting guy who we can call Jake for privacy. We hung out by the bar until closing time and I was getting desperate again when he asked if I was ready to leave. Being at probably only a 6-7/10 and a little tipsy I agreed to go back to his place. He called the Uber and we waited outside chatting. I could still feel the urge but was enjoying the company. We got in the Uber and headed to his house. I didn’t realize he lived on the opposite side of the island, about a 45 minute drive.

We both had climbed in the backseat and settled in. As we drove we were only about half way before I couldn’t even sit still anymore. He didn’t seem to pay much attention to me but seemed distracted. Today I’m wondering if he was also desperate. I asked the driver how long and he said 15 more minutes. I knew I could make it only 15 more minutes. I slid my leg underneath me pushing my heel into my pussy. I was so wet from the experience but terrified of peeing in front of someone I just met. He asked if anything was wrong and I shrugged it off but couldn’t stop moving still. He asked again and I admitted I was dying to pee and he just assured me we would be home soon.

To my surprise he slipped his hand in my tight shorts shortly after and gave me some support. Of course this distracted me temporarily until we arrived but as soon as we got there and he opened the door for me I stood up and a wave of desperation hit me. I grabbed myself quickly and he murmured something to himself that sounded like oh fuck. He started apologizing and hurried me inside. Meanwhile my leather shorts were digging in and I wanted nothing more than to have full bladder sex but the guy being a stranger kept me from pulling him to bed.

He pointed me to the bathroom where I half bent over shuffled to and pee danced trying to undo my shorts. I felt a long leak run down my thighs into my converse. I grabbed myself to stop it and gain control before getting them off laying down in the bathtub and finally releasing all that pee. I massaged my clit for a minute but wanted to save the fun for bed.

It ended up being the best sex as I relived the feeling of being in the Uber with a throbbing bladder while he massaged me and said it would be okay. I don’t know if he was into it or just being nice but I would love to find out someday. Anyways, I hope there’s many more nights like this too come and if anyone wants to control me to help me get in these or other situations I would love to hear from you all!

