My first (bed) wetting in ages

Author: WeekendWetter

*000*2023-09-07 01:33

I don't really know why but I just haven't really had an opportunity to participate in any wettings in ages. I've been reading bits and bobs around this site and thank y'all so much, you've really helped me scratch that itch from time.

😉

I guess I've been doing some more low key things to help me get by. Like on any time I go for a wee on a night out I've been purposely keen to put myself away while I still have a dribble left to go. Never enough to show on the outside but enough to make me feel dirty and naughty. I've also invested in a proper mattress protector, I told myself it'd be helpful to make my mattress last longer, I seem to sweat alot in my sleep and the online advert showed it protecting against spilling mugs of coffee in bed. Well that was enough to convince myself that I wasn't buying it just so I could wet the bed every now and then.

I've done a good job of controlling myself really. Up until now I haven't really used it, guess to help convince myself that this isn't the sole reason I brought it. Until now I've only really treated myself to a short cheeky dribble. Only letting out enough to leave a damp tennis ball sized ring in my sheet. That's been fun enough but I've got bigger plans for tonight.

It's been long enough and I'm craving that blissful warmth spreading down my legs and pooling around me. The last time I treated myself to a full blown bed wetting was over a year ago. I've tried different variations and still can't decide my favourite.

The last one was actually in a pull up, I've been through two packs of them but again this was a long time ago now. I'd love to do that again soon but my current living situation doesn't really allow me. All I can say is if you can, try everything once.

Other previous bed wetting set ups have included laying a few towels down and laying on my front directly on them, naked. With no clothes the towels weren't enough to soak up the flooding and it all went everywhere and that was a turn on in it's own.

Tonight, first one back in a while I'm going for a bit of a classic, as I've mentioned I have been a fan of pull ups in the past but still appreciate my roots in the wetting world 😂. So I like to create a set up that brings the best of both worlds. Right now I'm laying with a bladder begging to get this show on the road (and a semi for those interested in that side of the picture) then three layers of boxers. Enough to keep that beautiful sweet warmth in, a bit like a pull up would, but not too much that it'll absorb everything. On top of those I have on a pair of blue thin cotton pajamas that'll be perfect for spreading the leak. Now I know I've mentioned my new mattress protector but I'm not a mad man. I'm sat on top of two towels folded in half (for those playing along at home that's 4 layers of towels between my flood and my sheets.

And now I've explained all that, there's nothing more to do other than the one thing I'm craving. It's been a long time coming but it's good to be back.

