Last night wetting/half accident

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2020-07-07 06:44

Yesterday i was thinking that i could do some holding for a long time, cause last time when i did this was january. I have planned to do some holdings lately but somehow i havent find time to do it, but now i felt like doing it.

So here it goes: i started slowly filling up and drink few classes of water and big mug of coffee aswell. Then i surfed internet watching vids and stuff like that and waited to get desperate.

I was drinking little amount of water constantly as i killed some time and then i decided to drink two beers and started to chat at discord as my urge to pee started to crow up steadily. Maybe hour or so passed and i was noticing that i was really, i mean REALLY desperate. (Beer has that effect i know).

I chatted as i could but couldnt really concentrate anything alse than holding myself and had to crab myself time after time not to leak any. Another 10 or so minutes passed and i was literally about to burst and think that i might use toilet and avoid the mess, still decided to wait a little longer and challenge myself little more.. Not long after that i felt a little leak starting to escape and clenched my muscles as hard as i could and was able to stop it right there. I knew that my undies must got a little wet but no visible stain in my pants yet, so i decide to stood up and finish up in the toilet to keep my pants dry.

As i stood up immediately i felt another leak escaping and then another little longer one and after i managed to stop them i was aware not to make it dry, those couple of leaks has big enough to make an good size wet spot on my pants. (first picture is after those leaks).

Slowly walking in the toilet and i was in verge of lose it completely soon but somehow i managed to get in the toilet and not leak any in the way. As i got toilet i started to slowly leak, first real slow but constant dripple which i try to stop but wasnt able to do it, managed only slow it down for a little. Then the torrent got stronger and i had no way to do anything about it so i ended up fully wetting myself, and piss keep pouring out of me atleast good minute or more and that felt amazing.. (second picture is after i lost it completely)

