I Knew I Wouldn't Make It

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2018-02-06 06:47

Well, everyone, it's been a long while. But I had something happen to me this morning and I HAD to write about it.

I went to bed last night with a semi-full bladder, put on some yoga pants over my gray thong and a t-shirt, and went to bed. I actually went to bed at like 7:00 PM which is early as fuck. It felt like I was asleep forever. But suddenly, in the middle of the night, I woke up and my bladder was screaming. It actually hurt, and I had to curl up with my hand against my crotch. A little tiny stream was rolling down my ass. I knew I wouldn't have made it to the bathroom. I didn't even bother. I let it rip, and soon enough, my whole fucking bed was covered in piss. My yoga pants were drenched and stuck to my ass. It felt really uncomfortable. A huge puddle lay underneath my ass and around my legs.

I checked the time. It was 4:10 AM. I still live with Emily, and I made sure she was still asleep. Then, I grabbed my vibrator that I keep under my bed, and turned it on, and began rubbing my clit with it. It probably wasn't a good idea to have gotten too invested in it, because by the time I orgasmed, (which made my body tingle from head to toe) I let out a huge moan of relief. Like a scream, almost. And I kept rocking back and forth on my bed, and it was making a lot of noise.

Just then, the light over on Emily's side of the room flicked on...I woke her up. I tossed my vibrator underneath my covers, and tried to pull up my pants, but it was too late. Emily rubbed her eyes sleepily, and said "Molly...what the hell are you doing?"

"Nothing, Emily! Nothing!"

"It's 4 in the fucking morning. Go to bed..."

The vibrator was still on. "And shut that thing off.." she said.

"I wasn't doing anything Emily....I just woke up..." I tried to come up with an excuse. At this point, Emily was wide awake. She eyeballed my bed.

"Ew! Molly! Are you serious? You wet the fucking bed? What the fuck?"

I started getting emotional. "Please just go back to bed, Emily..."

She shut off her light and I threw my blanket over me. I fell back asleep, and when I woke up this morning, sure enough, the bed was still a mess.

Emily and I didn't say anything to each other for a bit, and finally, when I started cleaning my bed, she started digging into me about how gross it was that I peed the bed again. She asked if it's a health problem with me. I told her no and that sometimes I just can't hold it. It was an embarrassing talk. But god damn. I'm still wearing the panties that I wet myself in. And I'm super horny as fuck.

Sorry for the inactiveness, y'all. I'm gonna go now, like I said, I'm really horny and that vibrator is calling my name.

*006*2018-02-09 06:33

{{On 2/6/2018 at 8:09 AM, realmadrid said:

Hot story! What is your relationship with Emily?

}}

Uhm. it’s weird. i like her. we’ve done romantic stuff before but only when she’s been drinking but i’m not sure tbh lol

{{On 2/6/2018 at 2:29 AM, mastert said:

Another incredible story, are you still wearing the yoga pants too?

}}

Emily was in the place with me so i got away with wearing my wet panties but i changed into somebody jeans :P

