Orgasmed while wetting my panties in front of my gf [pics] (some nudity)

Author: Weeing Willow

*000*2019-11-25 20:09

Oh man, this was certainly something.

Awhile back, my girlfriend (now ex) was curious about my fetish and wanted to try exploring it with me. One night, I decided to surprise her. I filled up on water all afternoon, making sure to relieve myself when I felt the urge a la the rapid desperation method. About 30 minutes before we left school, I stopped using the restroom. By the time we got home I already had to go again. I didn’t want to make my desperation known just yet. It was so hard not to squirm around as my bladder was filling up so damn quickly.

Around an hour and a half from the point I started holding, I couldn’t take it anymore. We were playing a video game and I turned to her and asked meekly if I could use the restroom... please. She looked at me, realization hitting her of what was happening, and an evil smile crept up onto her face. “No,” she said. “You have to wait.” I huffed audibly and held myself, squirming around on the couch. “Please? I really have to go.” I asked again. She just shook her head and went back to the game. My cheeks heated up, ashamed and desperate. I REALLY had to pee. But I kept holding, because she told me I needed to.

I didn’t last much longer from that point. My bladder kept filling, and I kept shifting around on the couch. My girlfriend ignored my distress, occasionally glancing over at me and raising an eyebrow at my ridiculous display of desperation. “I’m going to pee myself if I don’t go soon!” I said. She nodded, and told me to come with her to the bathroom. “I kind of have to pee too... if you can wait until I’m done, I’ll let you go.” My bladder lurched at the idea and I had to bounce up and down to keep my composure as I tagged along behind her.

She pulled her pants down agonizingly slowly, and sat down. My cheeks were beat red. I did everything in my power not to just let go then and there. She released with an “ahhhh” and I felt my muscles start to give. A trickle of pee started to run down my leg. I could not stop. I jumped into the bath tub next to her and faced her in shame, piss streaming down my legs uncontrollably. She reached over and gently put her finger on my wet clit and began pleasuring me. I came instantly, the release was like nothing else. Pissing and cumming so hard. All over myself.

I peed for a solid minute. She watched me intensely for every second of it. When the flow stopped, she took off my shirt and asked to take pictures to document how much of a dirty slut I was for her. I’m usually not much for degradation, but damn that turned me on. My clit was swollen from orgasm and boy did it show.

It was a great experience and the start of much more wet fun!

$$

$$

*005*2019-11-28 04:22

{{On 11/25/2019 at 2:43 PM, Jekkil said:

Wow!! This is super hot! You are super hot! I wish this could happen to me. Unfortunately, it simply does not!

Great experience, great pics and wonderful body!

}}

Thank you so much! I didn't think I'd ever have such an experience either but it turns out that people are out there who like pee, lol. If only there were more of them...

