My 24 hour hold w/ media (male nudity warning)

Author: Weather

*000*2022-07-13 17:06

Hello! First time doing this and I'm definitely nervous lol, but here's my contribution to the male omorashi content (your welcome, guy in General forum ). If you see this post get edited it was likely because of formatting, I currently need to do all this on my phone.

For background (making sure it's the content you want): I am a 6' slim bisexual male in his late 20s. If you want someone who was thinking about your gender in particular while recording, the only ones where I almost exclusively pictured myself with a man or a woman while holding were the cuddling audio, picturing myself being held by a man. This hold doesn't involve a gargantuan bladder: I drank just a little more than I normally do over the course of the day, and I'd rather have a long desperation than a fast ramp up to a painful wetting. You will not see my face, I do NOT have the confidence to put that on a website with sexual content lol.

Have any questions or concerns about this being a 24 and a half hour hold? Read this disclaimer.

Spoiler

This hold was long, but I constantly checked in on myself and paced myself carefully. I was thinking about safety the whole time.

To make this extremely clear:

NONE OF MY HOLDS SHOULD BE TAKEN AS A COMPETITION UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

The length of this hold should NOT be taken as a brag or a challenge, just a matter of how I like to enjoy holding. If there is a "leaderboard" or something, I do not want this hold or any of my holds to be on it. I do not want to be responsible for anyone hurting themselves. I'm not following any rulebook, something I'm doing might give me an advantage over someone reading this. I don't want to be in ANY conflict with ANYONE over ANY aspect of this fetish unless we specifically agreed to it from the very beginning.

The last thing I want to do while having fun with this is engage in any interpersonal conflict whatsoever. In that, I include duration or quantity competitions. I am being as serious about this as can be, and if anyone feels "bested" by me or like I hold for a certain length of time for some kind of status ranking in the community, this is my concession that you win, either by quantity or quality of how you measure your hold. I do not want to compete with you or debate the legitimacy of the methods either of us used to do our holds.

Live action thread here:

Spoiler

$iframe data-embed-src="$/79152-enjoying-myself-a-bit-today/?do=embed"

With that out of the way ...

Bulge pics:

Spoiler

Someone pm'd me and wanted to see me tortured with a belt, here's that from this morning:

Spoiler

20220713_061744(1).mp4

To minimize the chance of issues with files, I'm breaking this into multiple comments, next coming shortly.

*001*2022-07-13 17:17

And finally: the clip where I let go. Unfortunately, cropping it on my phone for privacy concerns took using an app that adds a watermark, but if you have any video editing software on your computer or something, the watermark is located where it's fine to blur or crop out. Also: I'm whispering not to avoid getting heard, but to make my voice sound more neutral.

Spoiler

%km_20220713_540p.mp4

Hope a few people go through this thread and get some enjoyment from it lol hugs and kisses for all of you

*003*2022-07-15 11:42

{{14 minutes ago, KrisAbyss said:

That was hot, hope you had fun I couldn't see the measurements on the cup, how much did it end up being?

}}

Thanks, and I did! ❤ and thank you very much for commenting, exposing myself online made me quite nervous lol. There was actually a comment with more stuff that I asked the mods to delete because it was embarrassing in hindsight. Feedback helps

The top line was 500ml, in previous holds my bladder had been getting to 900ml-1L so this one added a little more on. Yeah, I can't do gargantuan holds like some people here, but I love and am pretty good at long holds, particularly with being able to go to sleep at night holding the entire day's worth

*005*2022-07-15 21:41

{{1 hour ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Oh wow. The heavy breathing and the noises you made when you let go in the last video sooooooo hot

Glad you had fun, really glad you decided to share!

}}

Thank you so much! ❤

*007*2022-07-23 03:54

{{21 minutes ago, lfererro7 said:

Fuck this is so incredibly hot. all of the noises you made were so fucking sexy how bad did it hurt to stop yourself mid stream? you said it felt like you had more in you, how much longer did you wait before going again and how long/how much did you go that next time?

}}

Stopping midstream is pretty easy for me but still certainly uncomfortable in a hold like that lol

After that I was laying down in the shower with the warm water pouring over me, and about 20 to 30 min later I focused to see what would come out and I peed a fairly normal amount for me (when I'm not holding). Since it was so soon after already having peed, I assume some of it was left behind after I first peed.

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it! ❤

