At my breaking point!

Author: writingwizard

*000*2018-09-15 00:12

So I decided to get a little desperate tonight, and when I came home from work I had 3 huge glasses of water after not going to the bathroom since the morning. Not much happened for a while, so I started playing some Overwatch, and then I got a text from a friend that he wanted me to meet him to trade pokemon. I looked it up in the GPS - 11 minutes away - and decided to go meet him. I was at about a 9/20 then, it kinda hurt to get in the car, but I quickly refocused and got on my way.

I got to my destination, only to find that my friend was running late. I decided to wait a little bit... then a little bit longer... I was starting to get more and more desperate as each song on the radio felt like it took forever, and I kept texting and texting my friend to no avail. I knew it would be a long 11 minutes back but I really wanted to do this trade, so I stayed as long as I thought I'd be able to, just waiting in my car and feeling as the dull ache in my bladder got sharper and sharper and I started wriggling around on the seat, trying in vain to find a comfortable position.

Soon I wasn't able to sit still at all, and my desperation kept ratcheting up. I had a hand at my crotch then, it seemed kinda optional at first but then I realized I needed it there, and if I didn't start driving home, I was going to have an accident in my gorgeous car that I love so much! I was at around a 14/15 at this point, squirming furiously. Eleven minutes seemed like a lifetime...

I knew I couldn't wet my car, so I texted my friend hastily and started to drive back to my apartment. Even just the little movements to push the gas and the brake were so much because I couldn't clamp my legs shut. My left hand was firmly up against my pee hole, and it felt like the need to pee was overtaking everything as waves pulsed over my bulging bladder. I could see it coming through my jeans, so huge and swollen and every time I looked at it I started shaking again. I couldn't even do a real pee dance or shake my legs or anything since I still had to drive, and that was my only chance of getting home in time...

At this point, I was towards the center of town where the lights are really short, and I had to keep stopping. Each time I put my foot on the brake, it was like slamming the heel of my palm into my bladder, sharp and sudden no matter how smooth I tried to drive. It was pulsing in waves, coming at me so strong that I had no idea how I was still sitting up.

I made it to where there are ten blocks to my house and then I had to turn left, and in order to activate my signal I yanked my hand out of my crotch only to feel as some pee spurted out, running hot into the denim... I clamped my muscles as hard as I could, I was counting the streets, I jammed my hand back in there and was trying anything I could do to think of anything other than this bursting need, the most I had ever felt away from home where I could have the option to just go to the toilet...

I kept my fist there, begging myself not to lose it, trying everything but beginning to lose resolve as I felt more warmth fill my fingers and I clamped down again hard, trying to pinch myself off in whatever way I could while I was still driving... I could feel the pressure inside me like I was about to explode and the streets were going by all too slowly until finally I found mine, and started going down that last mile where I was honestly considering stopping at a closed gas station and just letting it loose there, even through my pants... but then I saw some people walking by and I knew that I couldn't, but even the thought of it had my bladder pulsing again and more and more heat met my fingers as I strained with all my might to keep the flood inside of me...

And then finally, I saw my apartment building and screeched to a stop, barely trusting myself to turn off the car right. I grabbed my purse and my phone with my right hand but when I went to open the latch of the door with my left, I spurted again, and then it was a race to reach the door. I couldn't even go quickly, I had to hobble with my hand between my legs stuck in the wetness that was already there, which only made me need to go even more... Freezing on the lawn, I knew I was at the very end of my capability to hold and I leaked again when my hand was too shaky to get the key in the door the first time... I was at a solid 19/20 and I knew it was less than a minute before I would lose everything where I stood, wherever I was... my hand was the only thing stopping my pee hole from drenching the lobby of the building.

I finally got the door open and hobbled inside. The bathroom door was open and I ran over, spurting more in my jeans until I finally, in one last push of strength, clamped my pee hole shut long enough to yank down my jeans and then I was peeing so strong that it was like an endless waterfall. I didn't manage to time the whole thing since I was too desperate to even reach for my phone at first but it was nearly a full minute, which is a record for me. I kept going through my sodden underwear, streaming pee and heaving for breath until finally, finally there was nothing more.

And then I washed my hands and went to my computer to write this story... I will be around later, but for now I need to do some laundry, as I have a wet spot about the size of a baseball and a half between my legs...

((This was several major firsts for me - first time being desperate in public, first time being desperate with no easy way out, first time leaking into clothes as an accident... this was so intense and I was completely unprepared for the speed at which it went through the higher stages. Also, I welcome feedback on the story and the holding experience! This is my first story like this and first time doing something like this so ))

