Another case of witnessed desperation (and peeing)

Author: Wetdiaperboy

*000*2020-12-07 23:38

Thought I'd share another case of desperation I got to once witness. It was a couple of summers ago, me and a few friends were on our way to a festival by car. We wanted to get there as early as we could and due to traffic we were already a bit behind on schedule so we agreed to keep stops to a minimum, and even avoid them completely if possible. At some point the girl in our group says that she kinda feels like peeing, but that we can just keep driving and she'll hold it. She was doing fine and didn't even mention it again for like two hours, but then she started getting increasingly uncomfortable and said that a pee break would be nice.

But at that time we were on a highway so it's not like we could just pull over anywhere. And we were in a part of the country that didn't have a gas station every at every corner. So we had to keep driving for quite a while and she was getting so desperate that she was already crossing her legs and pressing her hands between her legs and said that she's seriously close to peeing her pants if she has to keep holding it for much longer. 

Finally we get to an exit and enter a city that we had to drive through anyway, so we began to eye for a gas station or some other place that has a toilet for her to use. At this time she basically told us to just pull over anywhere because otherwise she would wet herself any minute. So we finally found a parking lot, I believe it was a local supermarket or something. So when we stop the car she immediately gets out, pulls down her pants and squats right there next to the car. She didn't even care that me and the others could see and hear her. And she really did have to go, I don't think I've ever seen or heard a girl pee as long as she did.

While I kinda would have liked to see her end up wetting her pants even just a little, I must say that the sight and sound of her peeing was just as hot.

*002*2020-12-08 14:17

{{9 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

It was hot that she was willing to go right there by the car. Some people are so ingrained in behaving modestly that they'd end up wetting themselves instead, but letting out in front of everyone is a good alternative. 😄

}}

Yeah, I'm lucky to have friends who aren't too modest about peeing. The girl in question once squatted for a pee right next to me and casually asked me to light her cigarette for her while she did, haha.

