Road Trip

Author: Wetting Girl

*000*2010-08-28 14:58

About 8 months ago, my sister and I decided to go on a trip to Six Flags Great America (the one in Illinois) and so we packed up her old red Saturn and we stopped at our local Kwik Trip. My sister (who is 4 years older than me)said I could get anything I wanted to drink...so being the extremely smart one that I am I figure then why not get the most for the money? So I got a big buddy and she just got a small coffee.

Anyway, after a while of driving I started to feel pressing warning of my bladder filling up. It wasn't anything bad yet, so I didn't say anything. Her and I just kept talking about a lot of different things (we're girls 

After a little while my bladder was telling me that I'd better relieve it very soon or it'd be relieving itself whether I want it to or not.

So I stopped the conversation and when the next rest stop came up I asked if we could stop so I could pee. She looked at the gas meter and said that we could stop at the next rest stop so she could get the most out of this tank and then we could do everything in one stop so we didn't waste anymore time than we needed to. (my sister is really obsessive about saving time)

By this time I was squeezing my legs together super tight and leaning forward slightly not wanting to hold myself and make it look like I couldn't hold it.

I kinda whimpered when we passed the exit and she looked over at me.

"Are you gonna be able to wait until the next exit?" she asked me.

"Umm" I gasped. "I kinda was asking 'cause it was getting bad...."

"Oh my God! I'm so sorry! You shoulda told me you needed to go that bad."

By the way, I was wearing grey sweat pants with pink stripes going down the sides with light blue panties underneath. I think she was wearing her favorite designer jeans.

So anyway I started to rock a bit and cross my legs tightly. It was getting bad fast, I started jiggling in my seat. I asked my sister how long it was until the next rest stop. She said it was about 26 miles. I about lost it right there. I shoved my hands hard between my legs. I was reaching my limit. "WHAT!?!?" I yelled.

Now my sister and I we aren't lesbians and we definately don't like incest or anything, but we're the kind who change in front of each other and do about anything in front of each other just 'cause that's how we are. We don't really get sexually aroused or anything from it, but my sister reached over and rested a hand on my stomach, feeling how full my bladder was.

"Holy....Jess you really gotta pee!" was all she could say.

I don't remember much after that but suddenly I just yelled to her that I'm not gonna be able to wait any longer. I was digging my hands into my crotch, crossing my legs tightly but it wasn't helping. Suddenly my hands were becoming rapidly wet and I knew I was peeing myself.

I just looked up at my sister and she knew from my look what I was doing. It started running down the seat and onto the floor. (she had those fake leather seats)

She was super nice about it though and squeezed my arm with her free hand not on the wheele and said not tow orry about it. It was her fault she hadn't stopped for me. She said to cheer up 'cause we'll make this an extra special trip together, just us two sisters.

I had sorta started crying a bit, but that made me smile and I didn't feel so bad, but I still feel bad that I ruined her car.

I love my sister. She's always so nice to me when I have accidents like that.

Anyway it ends there, we reached the hotel and I changed.

Needless to say she ended up getting a new car soon after that 'cause we could never make it stop smelling like pee. 

Hope you like it, it wasn't very fun for me though.

Love you guys! ^^

*002*2010-08-28 19:36

Thanks! Yeah it wasn't very fun at the time....but it made a good story to tell you guys so it was worth it. ^^ Also as you can see I decided to use my real name, Jess. (:

*007*2010-08-29 03:49

{{ 

It makes me happy when people are sympathetic when that happens to someone. Grey sweat pants don't exactly hide an accident either. I enjoyed reading this though, so thank you for posting it. I look forward to reading more if you have any.

}}

Thanks for the replies, everyone!

I do have a few more...I'll probably not share some of them though, but don't worry, I'll tell you guys some more! ^^

Not all of them are as good though.

