Massive 24h hospital "hold"

Author: wjtjwjjrwkfk

*000*2024-03-21 23:49

Okay, so for context, this wasn't a voluntary hold, I physically couldn't pee

Yesterday, i got admitted to hospital for a really bad headache, and got here around 1pm. 5 or 6 hours pass in the waiting room, and I finally get called up to a pediatric room to get an IV put inz and at around 11pm, I finally get to eat something. Burkee king burger, fries, and small soda.

A few more hours later, I'm finally given an actual room, and thats when hell started. I felt like i was at a 2/10, from the soda i drank when I woke up and the soda I had with my meal, Very quickly I felt my bladder getting increasingly full, So i asked the nurse for a pee bottle and tried to pee. Nothing came out, so I kept pushing harder and harder, my face turning red and the heart monitors going crazy, only for a small leak to land in the bottle.

It kept happening again and again. 4/10, tried pushing, barely anything. 6/10, nothing at all. 9/10, and got desperate. Had the nurse turn on the sink as i tried to push as hard as I could, to no avail.

But now, nearly 24 hours later, I was listening to running water sounds for about 45 min, until it finally happened.

I ended up peeing for about 45 seconds or so, and felt both very relieved and aroused at the same time. Ended up peeing about 20oz, and it just kept flowing and flowing out.

Today I found out I (presumably) have an extremely shy bladder.

*001*2024-03-23 07:15

Update: it's way worse, after that long pee yesterday i managed to pee again after my mom dragged me off the hospital bed and to the toilet, haven't been able to pee since

No matter how hard I pushed, and even if doctors stood me up, not a drop came out, so I had an ultrasound and you guessed it ... I was full

They tried to put in a catheter, didn't gio in so they tried again, but stopped because i was screaming in pain telling them to stop

I'm currently at a 10/10, and IT HURTS. I don't even care if i wet the bed (ive never actually done omo, be it on purpose or accidentally) I just want the pain to be over

*002*2024-03-23 08:13

Update 2: i was looking at some omo art (biku's art to be precise) and i suddenly went up to basically 11/10, but i had to wait for a nurse to get here and give me a bottle, and when they got here i grabbed the bottle, shoved a pillow underneath me, pulled my boxers down, pushed as hard as i could and let out the most satisfying piss of my life

I just kept going, and going, probably around 45 seconds straight, then the hear monitors start going crazy, i look up, and my heart rate was 130bpm

It felt so good I had to cover my mouth so I don't moan out of pure pleasure, but i FINALLY managed to pee again, and it was a LOT

&&

