The joys of quiet work(25 ftm)

Author: Wet94

*000*2019-08-13 16:46

I worked as a janitor for a number of years at a university. The university had a number of different buildings that needed cleaning and depending on the size of the building and what it was used for a number of janitors would be assigned to that building to clean it. The building I was assigned to during this time was medium to large size(8 floors). I cleaned the bathrooms on all 8 floors while my two coworkers split the 8 floors. I had done a few small wettings at work but had never gone farther than dampening my boxer briefs. I found omorashi and being abdl keeps me from most bottom dysphoria as thinking I'm a little boy and my small dick is just too little to hold that well for too long(hence spurting and having accidents, as well as dribbling whenever I get too sexually aroused) has helped alot with bottom dyshoria.

Any dysphoria I do have just leads to wetting to aleviate it. The excitment from holding and spurting a little into my pants soon lead me to wanting to try more bolder things as I was pretty much alone until 8a.m. and then only a few floors had busy bathrooms meaning that it would be easy to hide my "accident's". Also needing to carry a large trash barrel that held my supplies helped. I woke up peed, drank some coffee and then drank as much water as I could before I had to be at work. I made sure NOT to use the bathroom before leaving so by the time I got there at 5a.m. I had to go but was able to maintain my composure though my bladder hurt.

I wore black jeans and light grey boxer briefs and a bright red t-shirt. I was excited as I got my supplies and headed to the first floor of the day, though I had done intentional small wettings I had never held until I wet myself or completly wet. Looking at the toilets and flushing them made my need stronger and by 6a.m. it was hard to clean without clenching my legs and my bladder was very hard. I finished all the bathrooms on the busy floors and just needed to mop them by 8a.m. I took the elevator down to the janitor's closet so I could fill the mop bucket. It was nearing 7a.m. and I had to go so bad I couldn't stop shaking and noticed my little dick would twitch really hard making it really difficult for me to keep from spurting in my pants.

I loved this feeling and was beyond turned on knowing if anyone saw me they would know how much of a little boy I was trying not to pee his pants(at least that's what I thought to myself). I got to the janitors closet and began filling the mop bucket seeing none of my coworkers. Hearing the water fill the mop bucket was worse then hearing the toilets flush as when the water started filling the mop bucket I felt my body start shaking more violently and my little dick began twitching hard except this time each twitch caused me to uncontrollably spurt pee in my pants and I felt my boxers begin to dampen.

The spurting made my heart race and I out of unintentional panic said out loud "Oh pee" as I tried desperately to stop my little twitching dick which only made the spurts of pee come out harder and longer. The spurts felt REALLY good so I let my little dick continue to twitch spurts of pee into my now wet boxers as I stood shaking waiting for the mop bucket to fill. Once the bocket was full I shut the water off and checked to see how wet I was. I pulled my jeans down a bit and saw that my light grey boxers were very wet and the inside of my black jeans were wet it didn't show. I was still desperate but wanted to fully wet instead of a few spurts. I pulled up my jeans and got on the elevator still shaking. My little dick twitched and spurt more pee on the way up to the floor and once I got to the bathroom my spurts had become light uncontrollable stream. 

I stood in the bathroom and tried shakily to stop the flow but it was no use as it just made the stream more intense. All the twitching my tiny dick had done made me very turned on and I began masturbating as I watched my pee run down my pants and begin to make a puddle on the bathroom floor around me. I came while wetting which sent of torrent of piss and cum into my boxers further soaking myself. I disinfected and cleaned the floor and finished the rest of the bathrooms in the same pants. I wanted everyone to know I wet and came in my pants because I couldn't control myself which never happened as out of all the wettings I have done I have yet to be caught, or have it be seen as more than an accident. I really enjoy public wettings and humiliation. I have more stories if people are interested.

