Accident During/After Messing Around

Author: wetvitaly

*000*2018-02-05 08:11

I’m not a huge fan of having accidents in front of people, especially not in front of people I’m not very close with. This experience was embarrassing to say the least, but at least I wasn’t exactly caught.

Anyway, I was about 16 at the time and had been screwing around (no sex, just touching and kissing) with a boy who was soon to be 18. He was a punk guy, very rough and extremely hot to me. We met up one Friday night to hang out and ended up in a parking garage of an apartment building across the street from my house, which was convenient considering it was getting late and I needed to pee.

The problem with that was that I didn’t want to leave yet, things were getting hot. My bladder kept filling and became uncomfortable, and I almost couldn’t handle the pressure till his hand was in my pants. The stimulation actually helped a bit, but I was still in pain. I wanted to keep going though, I really liked this guy and was hoping for more. At one point he got very excited and bit my neck, which I didn’t mind except that the pain surprised me and caused me to dribble a bit into my panties. I let out a gasp and he took that as a sign that I liked what he was doing, which I did, but my reaction was purely out of panic.

I knew that I didn’t have much time left before I would wet myself completely, and my panties were already soaking from a couple of extra spurts and drops. Luckily for me, his hands weren’t in my pants anymore, so he wouldn’t have known. I was at my breaking point, and finally spoke up and asked him to stop. He was fine with it, and decided to walk me home. I was nervous that I wouldn’t make it home, but I agreed sheepishly and began to follow him outside.

We were only across the street, but my legs were shaking and my bladder hurt so bad, I wanted to hold myself but I didn’t want him to think I was weird so I didn’t. When we crossed the street, he pulled me into a kiss which turned into a makeout in front of my apartment complex. My bladder spammed and warm pee shot down my leg, soaking right through my panties. I felt my heart drop as a slow stream began to escape, and I couldn’t stop it as hard as I tried to clench. I quickly pulled away from the kiss, said goodnight, and began to hobble up the stairs.

As I approached my front door, I checked to make sure my mom wasn’t home yet before entering the apartment. I was still slowly peeing myself, but I wanted to at least try getting to the bathroom. Just as I opened the bathroom door, my bladder let loose and I lost full control. I began to pee my pants full force, and it felt so good that I didn’t even bother sitting on the toilet. I knew it would be an easy cleanup on the tile, but I worried about my mom seeing me.

When I finished, I took off my wet clothes and hid them in my closet, then cleaned the bathroom floor and went to bed. I couldn’t help but worry that the boy I was with had seen me start to pee myself, and I hoped he hadn't. It was hard to sleep not knowing if he noticed.

*002*2018-02-06 10:16

{{11 hours ago, WetDave said:

Did you find out later if he had noticed?

}}

No, he never said anything about it so I don’t think he did but if he did it’s okay. I’m not upset about it now, but at the time it was my worst fear.

