Naughty piss in public next to my car

Author: Weeing Willow

*000*2023-06-02 03:05

I've got D&D Wednesday nights.

A couple friends and I gather to spend 3-4 hours rolling dice at the DM's apartment. We had a bit of a shorter session because my DM was tired after work, and I was so hyped during the session I just... forgot to go to the bathroom! We were saying our goodbyes and I realized I kinda had to pee but I didn't want to disturb her so I didn't ask to use her restroom. HUGE mistake.

I guess I'd been holding lots longer than I thought, or drank more than I thought, because the whole 30 minute drive to my place I got steadily more urgent. Do I stop somewhere??? It's kinda dangerous at gas stations at night so I didn't want to... and I really thought I could make it. I've done much more extreme holds, after all.

About 10 minutes till I arrived I was absolutely bursting. I was holding myself with one hand and at every stoplight I shifted and bounced up and down in my seat, wondering if I could open the door and unbuckle and let some out in the time it took the light to change. I was SERIOUSLY considering it, the pressure on my bladder was unreal.

My apartment's parking lot is too small and oftentimes if I get home late I have to park on the street about a block away. At this point, I really had 3 options: 1. drive straight up to the parking lot, miraculously get a spot, and barely make it. 2. Park a block away, walk back, and inevitably wet myself. 3. Park a block away and drop my drawers in public to piss right on the sidewalk.

I parked a block away.

I got out of the car and man I needed to GO. My bladder was aching. I had to pee. Now.

I quickly got of my car and limped over to the passenger side for as much shielding as possible.I opened the door to the backseat so my front was covered.. but my backside was wide open to a signalized intersection just a hundred or so feet away.

I released and pissed HARD. Just an absolute torrent burst out of me. I could feel it splashing up on my shoes, which was honestly surprising because I spread my feet far enough apart and they were a curb's height above where I was pissing. I couldn't think about anyone seeing me from behind. It didn't matter. I could not stop it anyway and it genuinely was an emergency!!

After about 30 seconds of the pure bliss of power pissing, I yanked up my leggings and gathered my stuff. As I crossed the street I looked at my puddle for the first time... flowing in the curb and gutter down to the intersection. I smirked to myself, loving the rush of shame.

