Didn't get to a bathroom on time...(ftm)

Author: Wet94

*000*2019-10-06 16:33

Yesterday I was at a friends house playing Borderlands 3. We had picked up another friend and gone to Wendy's beforehand and I had gotten a large diet coke and a frosty before we had started playing back at his house. As we played I could feel myself begin to get desperate but wanted to try to hold it as long as I could. The desperation made my small dick get hard and start twitching and I knew if I didn't use a bathroom soon I would start leaking. My friends apartment isn't the cleanest so I wanted to get home to use my bathroom instead. I told my friends I was headed home and stood up to leave, but as I did my small dick twitched hard and I felt a spurt of pee come out and dampen my boxers. I was wearing black pants so I knew it wouldn't be noticable as I walked out of my friends place into the cold air which made me spurt more pee into my pants as I walked to my car.

I got in my car and began driving home, my small dick spurting more pee in my pants as I drove since I was more focused on the road than my bladder. When I got home I got out of the car and the cold air made my spurting little dick begin to send a small steady stream of pee into my pants. I tried my best to stop the flow as I walked into my building but it just made the pee come out faster. I continued uncontrollably wetting my pants as I checked my mail and walked up to my apartment leaving a small puddle at the building door and in front of the mailboxes. It was thrilling knowing I couldn't control my pee and the possibility of someon catching me peeing my pants was intense.

Once inside I put my sweatshirt sleeves in the front pocket so it looked as though my hands were in my sweatshirt pocket, and put my hands in my pants through the inside of my sweatshirt and went out on my balcony in my still wet pants and began rubbing my hard little dick. The thrill of rubbing myself in front of people in my wet pants was intense and I felt my hand and boxers get wet and sticky as I came, which cause me to empty the rest of my bladder in my pants on my balcony. I enjoy public wetting and have fun sharing my stories. Feel free to ask for more or leave suggestions on things for me to try!

