Trouble Sleeping

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-05-31 08:16

A few weeks ago I was feeling stressed and had a lot of trouble falling asleep. I think it was about three o'clock the last time I checked the time. Just after four I wet myself.

Now normally when I've wet my bed it's because I've been very deeply asleep and not been able to wake up despite a bursting bladder, I don't do the whole "have a dream where you are desperate to pee and wind up wetting in both the dream and real life thing". And in this dream I wasn't busting either, in the dream I just decided to wet my pants. Just for no real reason, it had something to do with sorting DVDs and making a bet with myself. Dream logic! So I started to pee in my dream and the moment I started my body instantly knew that I was dreaming and woke me up. I stopped peeing. I could feel it between my legs but I'd probably peed less than a teaspoon as my bottom wasn't wet at all.

I was still mostly asleep though and I decided I might as well just go ahead and finish wetting the bed because it would feel good. I don't have an easy time peeing when I'm lying down for whatever reason so it took me a minute before I was able to start spurting little dribbles of pee. At about that time I finished waking up and realised what I was doing. If I wet the bed I was going to have to wake up Husband and get him out of bed. I was going to have to change the sheets in the middle of the night, probably waking up Toddler as she sleeps in our room. I was going to have to have a shower in the middle of the night. It was absolutely not worth wetting the bed!

By this point my pajama shorts were a bit wet and my undies would have been soaked, but luckily the bed itself was still dry so I ran to the toilet. But once I start to pee I have an impossible time stopping, even if my bladder wasn't overfull to begin with. I have an en suite bathroom but it, as you may remember, is full of boxes so I had to go to the actual functional bathroom at the other end of the house and unfortunately there is a baby gate between my bedroom and the bathroom which is tricky to operate in the middle of the night in the dark. By the time I actually made it to the bathroom and peed on the toilet I'd already gone a bit on the way. My knickers and shorts were saturated, my legs and feet were wet, and there was a series of little drips on the floor, as well as two small puddles in front of the baby gate and the toilet itself.

So I was going to have to take a middle of the night shower after all. On the plus side I was feeling pretty aroused by the whole thing and figured I could play with myself under the hot water. Who knows, an orgasm might help me sleep? But when I turned the taps no water came out. Fuck. Of all the nights! I ended up washing myself with water that had been left in the kettle, which was ice-cold and a massive turn-off!

So kinda crappy night for me, but hope you all enjoy it a bit! :)

*003*2017-06-02 04:46

Thanks guys! It was such bad luck with the water. What are the chances? Apparently a supply pipe burst a couple of streets over, it was fixed by lunch time the next day. Husband complained to me about not being able to have a shower before work. :p

