On purpose hold gone wrong, almost peed myself!

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2024-07-09 02:02

Hey guys! Been a super long time since I have posted a story, but I have one you will like from back in January! I did a live hold with another lovely lady on here! While I wont reveal her username (unless she wishes to out herself in the comments!) I will copy/paste the messages that were sent (I may have to edit some of the chat in case it feels a bit off). Also forgive me if I am not as descriptive as I would like to be. This was like 7 months ago after all. So without further delay I will set the scene with some of our convo!

{{:

Hehe I've had such fun too! You should totally do a hold later for fun! I'll have to get going soon because my fiance will be coming home soon. I'll be working from home tomorrow if you'll be around, as well – Her

You know, Im actually off tomorrow for the most part. The only thing I need to do for work is a 9am video call. Would be a shame if I forgot to pee in the morning 😉- Me

Hey! I just got up for my work from home and realized we never talked about time zones! No big deal, but I hope you manage to hold through your meeting! – her

"Oh im in the central timezone btw! So about an hour and a half to go. – me

I'm in eastern, so very close!- her

I woke up kinda thirsty so I dont need to pee...yet! I wont go to the bathroom without your permission 😉 – me

Haha be careful giving me your bathroom rights! They may never be approved 😛- her

Lets see where we are after the video call! it starts in about an hour!. I was hoping to do a walk on a trail nearby after its over. Its a mile and a half long in each direction and only has bathrooms in the parking lot so once I get going on it I have to commit! Only problem is the weather is kind of gross right now 😕 – me

Oh boy, sounds like you might push your bladder to the limits on a walk like that! The only good thing about gross weather is that wet pants won't draw attention!- her

I need to log off of here soon for the call! Ill be back on later. Still dont have to pee that bad ugh. Was really hoping to hide a full bladder on this call! Why is it whenever I want to do a hold I never have to go. – me

Okay, good luck! Maybe if you bring a tea on with you it'll do something? Might be too much if you want to go for a walk later though hehe- her

Im drinking decaf coffee. Not sure if it has the same affect or not!

I suppose we will find out soon enough!- her

}}

Ok to set the scene! My initial game plan here was to skip my morning pee so I could do this video call hiding a full bladder. Idk about you guys but needing to pee and hiding it in a professional setting is sooooooo hot! Anyway, I normally need to pee first thing in the morning like every other girl ever but today I didnt. Idk why, maybe I dehydrated myself the night before. Either way I made it through the entire video call without needing to go! which 9.9 times out of ten is a good thing! but today it was disappointing.

{{:

Back- me

Hey! How are you feeling?- her

STILL DONT HAVE TO PEE WTF hahahah

Ok do you have any suggestions on what will make me need to go? preferablly no caffeine -me

Hmm, have any juice? I would suggest alcohol, but it's probably too early for that haha- her

I do have Apple Cider 🙂 I will start to drink that after I finish this cup of coffee- me

Hopefully that does the trick!- her

Looks like im FINALLY starting to get an urge to pee. I feel like its going to hit me all at once. Im going to wait until I eat lunch (i actually haven't eaten yet today) then finish off the juice. – me

Good idea, I'm about to have some lunch soon, as well!- her

I'm going to hate this walk aren't I? lol- me

Oh you're going to still do the walk? If you do, it might be brutal haha- her

Dont worry I will log onto here on my phone to keep talking to you if I do it! – me

To be honest, I was worried more about your panties than if you were going to be on here haha- her

Oh i dont think I could do an on purpose hold like this without the moral support! -me

I'll try to do my best then!-her

I need to know before I do this, are the park bathrooms allowed to be used or do I have to drive back home?- me

I won't be mean and allow them haha- her

Thank you 🙂 -me

You're welcome- her

Ok im headed out to go there now! – me

Good luck! I think you'll need it!- her

Just parked. Little bit nervous if im being honest - me

}}

At this point in my journey I was staring to get nervous, I had just parked at the park, since it was a friday morning where most people were at work and it was gross weather (cloudy, slight drizzle but not bad) nobody was here. I knew it would be for real once I started to walk. I had just started to get the urge to pee. Not bad, but knowing it would be over an hour since I would see the park bathrooms again, I was a little worried. While she told me I could turn around early, I refused. I was gonna stick it out to the end. walk all the way to the end and come back! (half hour roughly each way)

There was not much worth to share for the first half walking to the end. I made it to the end however what I did not tell my friend here is that I drank a bottle of Gatorade on the walk up tot his point. This, as it turned out, was a HUGE mistake.

{{:

Made it to the end. Now the walk back. I need to pee bad but not bad enough to panic! I think i can do it!- me

Oh I think you can totally do it!-her

I hope so. It’s starting to get worse – me

It's okay, it's not long from here!- her

I may be getting nervous about this- me

You can do it girl! How far are you from the bathrooms?- her

20 mins i think- me

You can totally do that!- her

Why did i drink so much 😭😭- me

Because you didn't feel like needing to pee earlier, remember? 😛- her

Oh god im getting worried i cant do this- me

Why? How are you feeling?- her

It’s getting really really bad -me

You're only like 15 minutes away!- her

}}

This is when my urge to pee started to multiply, I was getting more and more desperate by the second!!! And I was started to get very worried. When I get desperate to pee I turn into a ball of emotions on the inside, my mind was starting to race! And something dawned on me. I. NEVER. CHECKED. THE. BATHROOMS. It was January when this happened. Most places close their bathrooms in the winter time. It had never occurred to me this entire time that I, well, could be royally fucked to put it mildly.

{{:

What if [the bathrooms] are closed. What do i do???? -me

Then you'll have to drive home! How far is home?- her

10-15 mins-me

I hope the bathrooms are open then!- her

}}

The urge to pee kept getting worse and worse, and I started to get actually scared!

{{:

I need to oee so bad

Pee- me

You can do it girl! I know you've had to pee worse than this before-her

My bladder hurts- me

Are there people around? What are you wearing?- her

}}

I had to pee so bad now that i was literally trying not to cry, and I could not even type right,

I already knew what she was going to suggest! I was already looking for places to squat to pee! Though I quickly squashed that idea. Not only have I never peed outside in my life. This wasnt exactly a forest I was walking in. I live in a large metro area. The trail wrapped around a casino on one side and the river on the other. Me peeing outside would be me squatting on a flat open field. i was NOT going to reduce myself to doing that! Not to mention, Idk whos around!

{{:

Final stretch omg almost there- me

You can do it!- her

I see the bathroom!!!- me

}}

At this point I gave up on trying to maintain any sense of composure. I FUCKING RAN as fast as I could. My bladder was screaming at me and I couldnt wait any longer, I was in a dead on sprint. All i could think about was that fucking bathroom door and if it was unlocked or not. If it was locked I knew I would pee myself right then and there!

But I ran and ran as fast as I could, I got to the door and didnt even stop, I barged in pretty much opening it with my entire body (it was unlocked thank god) and sprinted into the stall! From here my fear of being caught overrode my bladder as I tried to get the stall door locked. I was crossing my legs like a pretzel, leaning on the wall and swearing/crying at the same time.

I got it latched and without skipping a beat I threw my bag onto the floor, pulled my pants/underwear down in about .25 seconds and threw myself onto the toilet. And in a scene that looked like a BIKU drawing started peeing my brains out! I was breathing heavy and calling out to God at the same time. After what felt like forever, I was done. I was a mess. My hair was a mess, I was still breathing heavy as if I had just sprinted on the treadmill and I couldn't even think anymore. If you had asked me what day it was, I would not have known. It took every once out of me to hold it and make it to that bathroom. Nobody was around thank god, the parking lot was still only my car and nobody was in the bathroom so it didnt matter if I sat there for 5 mins trying to put myself together.

So there is my story. I would be more than happy to give any extra details if you would like!

*005*2024-07-09 11:01

I guess I should have posted the end of me and her's chat lol

{{:

Omg i made it- me

See? Wasn't so bad-her

I'm literally still peeing - me

Haha you must have needed to pee bad!- her

You dont say!?!?- me

At least you made it dry! her

I considered “letting some out” thats how bad it was!- me

Talk about desperate, glad you ended up making it!- her

}}

{{:

Just got home!!

And no kidding!! thank you so much for being with me btw!!

I think you would have loved to see me at the end. As soon as I got close to the bathrooms I RAN in, slammed the stall door shut, threw my bag on the floor and jumped on the seat. I swear I was moaning and peeing full force! - me

}}

Spoiler

Thanks for sharing that journey with me!

That must have been a sight to behold! I'm sure no one else was around when you made it in? haha- her

{{:

Just me!

Im curious, what were you going to tell me after you asked "is anybody around? what are you wearing?"

And did you think I would actually make it? be honest- me

}}

{{:

Depending on what you said, I may have suggested to find some where private to pee unless you were ready for wet pants hahaAnd I thought you were going to, but you definitely sounded desperate!- her

Well I actually thought about squatting to pee >.<- me

Do you think you could have gotten away with squatting?- her

God no!! one of many reasons why I didnt do it. But my need to pee was just so bad I was looking for pee spots even though I would have been totally exposed. and I know I would have been disappointed in myself later if I did - me

}}

The rest of the convo kind of tapers off for the day as I said our goodbyes! I dont stay on this site all day!

*007*2024-07-09 21:33

{{3 hours ago, DespAndHold said:

I am intrigued how you say you’d have been disappointed in yourself if you’d squatted, why is that? In case got viewed or because you would have failed to hold out as you’d intended? I hope on that basis you are super proud that you didn’t squat and stayed dry!!!

}}

Yes! being seen is one huge reason ( i actually have alot of anxiety about going to the bathroom and im legit terrified of being seen peeing, i cant even pee on the beach 😞 ), however the main one, which I know this is going to be a super unpopular opinion here, Is that i think peeing outside is gross behavior. Like its not legal, i would have to get half naked and into some compromising position where I will probably get pee on myself anyway. no thanks!

Just to be clear tho. I am NOT trying to judge anyone. This is how I view it for myself, there is no reason for me to pee outside, outside of some extreme scenario like being stuck on an island.

