The hotel bed (not me)

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-07-21 12:46

I get all the glamorous work trips, this is what happened last week, we were halfway through the first day at the tradeshow in Birmingham, you know the type, branded pens, awkward icebreakers, warm bottles of Coke in the VIP lounge.

The company owner, Martin, announced that his daughter Chloe would be joining us for the networking dinner.

She didn’t work for the company but was “interested in the business.”

Translation: she was visiting for the day and wanted a free meal.

Chloe showed up around lunchtime: early 40s, tall, immaculately dressed in a dove-grey suit with a cream silk blouse.

She'd taken the train down from London, first class carriage of course.

She had a polished energy, lives in Zone 2 and uses words like ghastly.

She was friendly charismatic, had a laugh like a braying donkey and was knocking back Pinot Grigio like it was water.

By the time we got to dinner, she was the centre of attention at our table. Funny, well-spoken, telling wild stories about working with a disgraced former MP and accidentally crashing a wedding in Santorini.

It was all very entertaining... until about 9 p.m., when she started slurring slightly.

Around 9:45, she was visibly glassy-eyed but still holding court. That was when Martin turned to me and said:

“Katy, Would you mind walking Chloe back to your hotel and putting her in an Uber home from there, she's in no state to take the train back and if she stays here much longer she's going to regret it in the morning".

Lucky me, I got to leave the dinner to escort his drunk adult daughter back to the nearby Premier Inn.

We got back to my hotel room and I unlocked the door.

“I need to sleep, just five minutes,” she muttered.

And then she collapsed sideways, fully clothed, across my duvet. I perched in the desk chair, scrolling aimlessly while she snored softly.

About twenty minutes in, I heard it.

A faint rustle. A shifting sound. Then a soft gasp.

I looked up.

Chloe stirred slightly. Her eyes blinked open confused at first, then wide with alarm. Her hands flew to her lap. She sat bolt upright.

“Oh no. No, no”

A dark stain was visibly spreading across the seat of her grey trousers, and soaking up into her cream silk blouse.

“I’m wetting myself…”

She said it aloud, panicked and horrified. Then she jumped up, staggered to the bathroom, still weeing as she slammed the door shut behind her.

“Oh my God, I’m so sorry I didn’t feel it. I thought I was dreaming, Katy, I..."

The tap started running at full blast. I just sat there in stunned silence. Then slowly picked up the phone and dialled reception.

“Hi, could I get fresh bedding sent up please, there’s… been an accident.”

The bathroom door opened a crack, she looked mortified.

“Please tell me you have spare clothes,” she mumbled, not quite looking me in the eye.

I did. I handed her a hoodie and some joggers.

There was a pause, followed by muffled rustling.

Then, through the door:

“Katy… I can’t even get these up past my thighs.”

She reappeared wrapped tightly in a Premier Inn towel, her hair in a bun, clutching the joggers sheepishly.

“I’m going to have to sleep like this, aren’t ?

I gave her the bed, now remade with fresh sheets. I curled up in the chair with a hoodie as a pillow.

I woke to the sound of her tiptoeing around the room. She was still wrapped in the towel, cradling the hotel kettle like it was a lifeline.

“I need clothes,” she said.

“There’s a Primark down the road,” I offered.

“I can’t go to Primark in a towel and my clothes, well....”

“Fair point”

So I went.

It was just after 9 a.m., and there I was in Primark, buying Black leggings, a giant slouchy jumper, a multipack of knickers which probably cost about 10% of the ones she'd pissed in and a reusable tote bag because a Primark paper bag wouldn't be any good for her soaked clothes.

When I returned, she was sitting on the bed sipping tea and avoiding eye contact with the damp bundle of her suit on the floor.

She got dressed, thanked me about six times, transferred me £70 “for the clothes and trauma,” and slipped away with the kind of quiet urgency of someone who hoped never to be mentioned.

The Primark mercy mission made me late for the second day on the stand which earnt me a lecture from my boss about handling my alcohol intake and not letting it affect my performance at work.

I was so tempted to tell her what happened but she wouldn't have believed me and Chloe wasn't going to corroborate the story was she?

*003*2025-07-22 11:52

{{7 hours ago, ridiculon1 said:

I am pissed off (uh... you know what I mean!) on your behalf. After you did the favor of herding a grown-ass woman (let's be clear, if a bloke behaved this way we'd describe him - rightfully - as a "manchild" or something similar) out of a potentially far more embarrassing situation, your boss has the gall to lecture you about your (imaginary!) behavior. What an asshole.

}}

Martin (Chloe's dad) owns the company but isn't my boss. My boss is great and very much a mentor to me.

I don't think she was fully aware of the state Chloe was in or that I'd been the lucky one who got to look after her!

