Wet my pants for the first time in a year :3 (pic + story)

Author: wetboy_eefin

*000*2024-01-02 20:43

Hi all! so a year ago i went on a family trip and i pissed myself one of the days we were there. it was genuinely awful, but seeing snapchat memories from the trip made me want to experience the feeling again -- i've wet my underwear since then, but there really is nothing like wetting a pair of pants. so i decided that i would do it, and get it all on video for my owner! i won't post the videos here, but there's a picture of the aftermath. i'll DEFINITELY be doing this again soon. &&

In lieu of a video, here is a description of the hold and the wetting!

10:00 p.m. i did a small hold in the evening, and i peed in a new pair of panties in my bathroom, just for fun. i hadn't peed in anything that color before (they're like a really light green) and wanted to see how they look wet -- turns out they go kind of transparent!

After my shower, i downed my water bottle (it holds like 27oz but i dont think it was all the way full) before going to bed so i would have to go in the morning.

12:00 a.m. i meant to be asleep by that point, but it wasn't happening. my intent was to go to sleep before the water hit my bladder, but no such luck. i complained to my owner that i was squirming in bed. i feel like i was probably a 6/10.

6:00 a.m. up! not a long sleep, but i had to be up early... i live with my parents and the plan was to go out in the yard and wet before they woke up. the sun wouldn't rise for an hour and a half (i hate winter), so i had to hold it if i wanted to get a video for my owner. i got up and got ready with my wetting clothes and dry ones to change into, on the off chance my mom was up early after i wet myself. i drank my full 27oz water bottle again and had a 16oz (just about) cup of earl grey tea. once that was finished, i downed part of the water bottle but honestly idk how much.

7:00 a.m. half an hour until the sun was supposed to come up. at this point i had to go really bad, so i went to get my shoes on and get ready to go outside. it's freezing out, so i wanted to stay in as long as possible. by maybe 7:15 i was putting my shoes on. when i was tying them, i could feel the pee pushing to get out of me while i was bent over. after that, i can't stay still anymore. it's technically light out, but i said i'd hold until sunrise, and sunrise was 7:30. i paced around by the door distracting myself on my phone.

7:30 a.m. FREEDOM! i went outside and set up my phone to record myself. i knew i would have to hold for a while longer to actually get to my genuine breaking point (i held on longer than i thought possible a year ago when i had the accident -- human brains are very determined not to pee with pants on), so i just wanted to wait until i was shaking and desperate. that said, i must say i love the feeling of leaking involuntarily. so i squatted down to fiddle with my shoelaces to tease myself. i dont even think it took thirty seconds for a leak to come out. i let myself leak twice since it felt SO good. it hurts but the pleasure is unmatched.

7:45 a.m. after waiting very impatiently for the heat to turn off since the output was right next to where i was and it was SO GODDAMN LOUD, i felt like my body was finally ready to give in. i comforted myself by talking to my owner via the video -- he enjoyed my complaining and moaning and whining :3. at first, i started leaking and i couldn't even feel myself peeing, just the warmth in my jeans. i leaked like that multiple times, and after i think four minutes i let myself let go. first it spread around my ass and the back of my thighs, and then finally to the front of my jeans. i squeezed my legs together and it soaked down my legs just past my knees. it felt soooo good. peeing in your underwear is all well and good, but there's nothing better than the warm wetness spreading in a tight pair of pants 🤤

8:00 a.m. if you wet, you know how it is -- my body was telling me it was done, but i knew there was a lot more left in me. for me, if i sit or squat, my body will be tricked sufficiently to let me finish peeing. so i sat on the stairs that led up to our porch and let go. it pooled in the seat of my jeans and dripped down the front of the step i was sitting on. it felt really good wetting myself standing up, but since i was sitting my muscles were content to fully relax and let it all flood out. it was absolutely wonderful.

Sexual content below!

8:15 a.m. i cleaned myself up temporarily (just with a wet towel), and put on my spare clothes. i threw my soaked pants and underwear in the wash and i was going to take a shower, but i had left my bullet vibe out on my bed from last night and decided to play. unfortunately my mom was up for work (remote), so i had to wait around a bit. all the while, i was soo wet and my t dick was painfully hard just from thinking about how fucking good that just felt.

9:00 a.m. mom had a meeting, so i was left in the living room by myself. i have never in my life masturbated anywhere but my bedroom, bathroom, or the yard (only if i'm home alone), so i'm really not sure what got into me. i pulled my pants and underwear to my knees and started playing with myself with my vibrator on the couch (on the seat that only i sit in, naturally) to take a video for my owner. once i took the video i chickened out and pulled them back up, but i continued to play with the vibrator on my little hard cock. it took not even two minutes for me to cum. immediately afterwards it dawned on me what i had just done and i immediately went to take a shower LOL

After that, i just went about my day as normal, although my bladder is definitely weakened! i peed three times in the following hour and i've gotten desperate pretty fast throughout the rest of today. i'm thinking about asking my owner if he might like me to wet myself again tomorrow morning >w<

Thanks for reading!

