Delving deeper in to OMO (with pics)

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2023-09-04 18:58

Last month, I spent a few weeks indulging in OMO. It was the most I'd indulged in omorashi in my entire life.

I'd planned for it in advance, purchasing specific clothes online that I wanted to wet myself in. These were clothes I'd dreamed of wetting myself in for years but never had the balls to purchase and try before, probably out of fear of being caught. I don't know what changed, but the fear seemed to disappear, and I've not looked back since.

These are just some of the clothes I bought to pee myself in. I wet myself continuously over the course of over a week. Had detrimental effects on my bladder which is what caused me to stop, but I still experienced semi-incontinence for a few days later. I'll post the stories if people want to hear them - there's a lot to tell!

But yeah, here they are. I think these may be the first I've ever posted. Let my know if you'd like to see more.

*002*2023-09-05 17:55

{{15 hours ago, Denny Crash said:

White briefs, white socks and blue jeans are a classic combination, must've felt pretty dang liberating to have that fear just wash away

}}

Thanks, I paired it all together with a white polo shirt to finish and I just wet whenever was convenient. It became very automated over time, shifting from my usual ability to hold until I want to go, to always having sudden "ok time to start peeing". Got to the stage where I couldn't get to the toilet without at least one leak and eventually got to the stage where I wasn't making it at all - by that point I'd stopped trying to hold though because I knew it was futile.

{{12 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Would love to see and hear more!! 😀

}}

I ended up peeing a lot during this time and have had one-or-two wettings since, so there's plenty of stories to tell! I look forward to making it a regular series haha

*005*2023-09-05 21:59

{{2 hours ago, OldWetGuy said:

Looks great! I’m envious that you have the time and privacy to do this. Here’s an idea: next time you’re close to losing it, lay on your back, take out your waterspout and soak your tee shirt 💦😁

}}

I've actually never liked seeing things like that happen. I see a lot of it on Twitter, but I'm not a fan of peeing in or on things usually, just my pants. I guess I can try it one day though...

{{3 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Haha! Any chance of future pics/ Vids? 😜

}}

Now this, I can promise!

