My mom is getting very suspicious of me...

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-09-13 06:43

So I ended up deliberately peeing myself earlier today, as I've said before, I usually stand in either my bathtub or I put a towel underneath me in my room, after I drink a bunch of water. Sometimes I'll get a little tipsy and it'll add to the fun, but for the most part I just wait for my mom to leave for work, and then I start drinking a lot. By nighttime, I'm usually bursting. So tonight I put on a pair of purple tanga panties, threw on some gray faded skinny jeans, and a lifeguard hoodie. I had a bunch of water throughout my mom's work shift while she was gone, and since I was home alone, I could do whatever I wanted.

So I sat around, had dinner, in fact, I had a few glasses of wine on and off throughout the night. I watched TV, then played some video games. I began getting very antsy, and soon enough I was jumping up and down because I had to go. I started to get a little turned on, so to really turn myself on, I watched a little bit of porn, no I didn't fully masturbate to it this time around, but it definitely flicked the switch on for me. I was on the couch in my living room for when I was watching porn on my laptop, but then when I stood up, my bladder really started hit ten times harder. I had to actually run to my room and grab a towel and set it down. I almost didn't make it. I started going a little bit while I was running, but not a lot was getting my pants. 

When I reached my dresser that has my towels in them, I was full-on peeing my pants whether I liked it or not, and I had to throw the towel on the ground and quickly hop on top of it. It went down my thighs, per usual, made a very satisfying light gray turn to dark, wet gray, and a lot of my piss fell on the towel. When I finally finished, my pants were drenched, and at this point I was so horny that I lay on my bed, and fingered my pussy until I reached an amazing orgasm that felt out of this world. I didn't even need my vibrator that I keep hidden from my mom, my right hand did the trick. I checked the time when I regained control, and realized that my mom was going to be home within the next 10 minutes!

I didn't want to risk it with throwing my pants in the washing machine and dryer, so I decided to throw my drenched pants in my closet, and keep my panties on while I changed into a pair of yoga pants. My mom came home, and at this point I was sitting on my couch. She ended up sitting next to me, asked what I had done while she was at work.

"Oh, just watched TV, ate dinner, played some video games," I said to her.

"That's it?" she asked.

"Yes?"

She shrugged, watched TV for a few minutes, and then she told me that she needed to go over some college stuff with me online. She saw my laptop right next to the couch on the floor, and asked me if I could go to the website. Imagine my surprise to me forgetting to close out of Pornhub right before I peed myself, and opening it up again right in front of my mother! She stared at me after I quickly closed out of the window, and didn't say a word. But she definitely saw. So that made things really awkward.

Then when she went to say goodnight to me, she pointed out that I was wearing different pants from when she had left.

"What's the big deal?" I asked.

"Nothing..." she said, shaking her head. "I just found it weird that you changed your pants from when I left, but you didn't change your shirt."

"Mom, I changed....so what?"

"So that would mean your pants are in the laundry then, correct?" she asked.

She was getting very suspicious of me. I just told her that I threw off my pants and that they're in my room, but my room is a mess so there was no reason for her to go into my room, just in case she wanted to go check. She went to bed, and I gotta make sure tomorrow when she goes to work for me to wash those pants.

She's onto me, guys. Since I had a legit accident in front of her, which makes it the second time this has happened, she's been like this a lot. Which means I really have to be careful for when I purposely mess myself. Shit.

