Wet after lunch

Author: wetchoirpants

*000*2018-02-07 05:18

So last week with all the bad weather i got myself a cough. And It made my throat all itchy. So that morning i drunk two cans of soda after breakfast. As i droves into town i stop for gas. The soda helped hide the itchy throat so i also got a 32oz cup

I had a handful of stops to make. And all of a sudden all that soda started fonding it's way into my bladders. I stopped by the restrooms in home depot before gather up my list. I was there for like 30 minutes and again i needed to pee. I figured I wait till latter. I planned to have lunch at the new hipster village. I here theres a restaurant there supposed to have good hamburgers.

After i parked i noticed I'm right in front of the restrooms. Good because it was time to pee again so i did. i order my lunch with a orange soda which tasted nasty. The hamburger was good. Since my day trip was now over i take a walk along the city park. Before i was half way done walking i was full of pee. But i was a bite to far from the restrooms. As i walked back to my truck my need escalated it was time to make a easy choice to wet myself. So i let out a bit maybe half down my pants. Here is a photo just after the wetting and a photo i toke in the bathroom mirror of my pants after my pee soaked in.

*001*2018-02-07 05:30

I really like to wet this pants. Thay have elastic waistband and made from soft cotton. I think there for women as there is only one small back pockets and lots of room in the waist. Which is why i like them all the room allowes my pee to flow down my legs in many different path each wetting.

