Staged An Accident

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-09-28 03:28

So since I’ve moved in with Emily, things have been better and easier without my mom being a fucking bitch. The only thing that’s not so easy? Peeing myself. Emily is home a lot. We have very similar schedules and she’s home whenever I am. And considering the fact that I share a room with her (it’s not a very big apartment. Only three rooms, a bedroom, bathroom and kitchen) it makes things harder. The most I’ve done really is just wet my bed on purpose a little bit, but not noticeable. Sharing a room with her also makes it hard to masturbate, too. I can really only masturbate on weekends, when it doesn’t matter if I stay up extra late. What I do is wait for her to fall asleep, and that’s when I either finger myself or pillow-hump. But the point of me saying this, is that I really don’t have time for my fetish anymore. I guess it makes me appreciate it more.

However, what I really want to say is that I’m attracted to Emily. She’s my best friend and all, but she’s straight. I’m bisexual. She has like medium length brown hair, glasses, and she’s a shorter girl, which I fucking love. I love being her friend, but I also want so much more than that from her. I’d also kill to see her pee herself.

Anyways, I actually got this idea from a friend I made recently on this site, and I’d say the idea was perfect. Now I love being embarrassed. I hate it when I’m in the middle of being embarrassed, but afterwards, I get turned on. Now I’ve been wanting to fully pee myself for a while, but I haven’t had the chance to, since we’re always home together. But I finally decided to just do it on purpose in front of her, and act like it’s an accident. I wanted to see how she would react. See, I’ve already peed myself in front of her on Skype that one time, but that was an accident for real, and considering the circumstances, I can see why she had laughed her ass off. I mean, she was watching me try to pee in a trash can! She knows about what happened with me and my mom, but I didn’t get into specifics with her. I just told her that I peed myself, and that she flipped shit on me. She just chuckled at it but understood. She knows my mom’s a bitch.

Anyways, I drank all day long after class. By the end of the night, I was obviously squirming. I was wearing my jean shorts with a black shirt on. Blue panties for those wanting to know more. And as more and more I had to pee, the more it turned me on. It gave me adrenaline. Now I was scared to do it in front of her. I mean, would you pee yourself in front of your crush? But she’s also my best friend so I really had nothing to lose. Her and I were in our room, studying for a test we have tomorrow, and I was getting the urge to go more and more. So, in the middle of us studying, I mentioned about having to pee.

“Okay? Go pee then? I’m not going anywhere,” she said.

“Nah, I’ll be fine, just sort of thinking out loud here,” I said.

“If you’re fine, then why the fuck are you bringing it up?” She jokingly teased, and we both chuckled and went back to studying. After we finished, we decided to cook some food. While we were making food, I moaned, “ughh...I just really have to pee.”

“So then go pee!”

I pretended not to hear her and cut her off. “I’m ready to pee my pants at this point!”

She stared and then laughed a little bit. “Oh my God, Molly. Just fucking go to the bathroom.”

“I’m just exaggerating Emily. Oh my God, have you ever peed your pants before?” It was a risky question but I said it casually.

“Uhh...only once like last year, and that was because my ex had tickled me too much and I just...you know...started going?”

I laughed, but I was getting more and more horny. “So, like, was it bad?”

“I had to change afterwards but not too bad. What’s up with all the questions about this?”

“Nothing! Just I have to pee and it’s all that’s on my mind right now.”

We ate dinner, talked for a bit longer, and I kept making it obvious that I had to go. Emily finally decided to go into the shower, and while she was in the bathroom, I put my plan into action. She had just gotten out of the shower, and I could hear her changing and doing her normal bathroom-routine, so I knocked on the door.

“Molly, I’ll be out in like two minutes! Can’t it wait?”

“Emily…” I groaned, acting like I actually wanted to go on the toilet. Of course I didn’t. She opened the door, with a hair-dryer in her hand, with a towel over her body. “What?”

“I have to pee! I’m literally about to pee all over my shorts!” She stared at me, and started to shut the door. I groaned as she did it. She didn’t seem to care. I really wanted to embarrass myself in front of her. The more desperate I sounded, the hornier I became.

“If I don’t go pee RIGHT now, I’m gonna pee all over my shorts, and it’s gonna drip down my legs and go onto your carpet!”

Emily swung open the door. I leaned, crossed my legs, put my hand on my crotch, and looked at her with pleading eyes. I was planning on doing this until she finally was finished in the bathroom, and then I would pee right in front of her. But she hadn’t even finished putting her pajamas on, and told me, standing in the bathroom, “Just go pee!”

I wasn’t expecting that to happen. I stood there and said, “W-w-well, I mean, just finish doing what you’re doing in the bathroom, and I should be fine.”

“Make up your mind! Just go pee, Molly!” She giggled a little as she said that. She was getting a kick out of my pee-dance. I really had no other choice but to walk into the bathroom. It would have been suspicious of me not to.

“You can finish brushing your hair or whatever with me in here...just don’t look at me while I pee, okay?” I said.

“Okay! I won’t look at you. But holy shit just fucking pee, I don’t want you pissing all over the carpet,” she laughed.

I still wanted to pee myself. I stood in front of the toilet, rubbing my thighs together, and thought of a perfect Plan B.

“What the fuck! I can’t get my button undone on my shorts!” I said. Of course I could. But I acted like I couldn’t. I pretended to struggle. Emily walked up to me, and reached for my shorts’ button to help. I knew she would have gotten it undone, but I put my hand over her’s, pushed her’s out of the way and still pretended to struggle.

“Molly, what are you doing?” she shouted, right before I decided to let it all out. I stood there, and started peeing. She stared, and didn’t say anything until she noticed pee dripping down my legs and onto the floor, and seeing my crotch get darker in my shorts.

“Sit on the toilet!” She yelled, laughing and surprised. So I sat on the toilet for a second, said, “I think I can stop it,” and stood up. I didn’t stop it. I kept going until there was pee all over the floor and toilet, and of course, me.

Emily seemed surprised, but she moreso laughed then anything. She kept saying how gross it was, and that I was cleaning up the mess. After I got out of the shower and went into our bedroom, as I sat on my bed, she asked if I was okay.

“Yes?” I said. “Why wouldn’t I be?”

“I don’t know...I just feel bad that you peed yourself...that must have been embarrassing…”

“It was...but I’m fine. It could have been worse,” I said.

“Right...didn’t you pee yourself in front of your mom or something and that’s why you don’t live there anymore?”

“Something like that,” I said. “Things just escalated, that’s really it.” After that, we just decided to call it quits and turn off the lights and go to sleep. That’s it folks.

*004*2017-09-28 17:40

{{27 minutes ago, AliasnameTO said:

She'll certainly start to think something's up, especially with how close of a call this was by the bathroom being *too* accessible.

}}

True....part of me was hoping she had a fetish too but I don't think that's the case with her. But she found the humor in the situation and didn't shame me, which is great

