Hiding my long need

Author: Weather

*000*2022-06-21 03:05

For background: I used to have chronic foot pain. Well, I still do, but only like a tenth as bad as it used to be.

I got a job I really liked that had me either in the office, in the warehouse, or out and around the city. I wanted to have excuses to myself to hold it, and I was able to give myself those excuses wherever I was. "The bathroom is a ways away. I had to use my foot a bit earlier, and it would be better if I rested and held it."

"We need to get out driving right now, I have no time to pee, and I won't be back til after the warehouse closes anyway." Usually, it was fine. I'd pee before work around 6:30, get coffee on the way, drink more during lunch around 12:30 (and be drinking water throughout the day), and then pee sometime when back at home likely around 4 to 5pm. If I was feeling more ambitious, I'd hold through my lunch break, but in case it was bad, lunch break was an option.

One day, I just didn't feel like it was being an issue. I felt the need, but it was very very manageable. In trying to get things going more, I drank all the apple juice I brought for lunch, and I went through two bottles of water by early afternoon. By the time it was late afternoon, I could feel myself preparing for a fun drive home, and I decided to drink even more water to give myself an extra boost. I was at the point where my skinny body puffs out a bit, pressing my bladder out against my well-fitted clothes and being hugged back by them in return. I pulled my jacket around myself a little tighter, I felt quite filled and very cozy. Soon, I would be headed out to my car, where I'd drink more for the ride home while listening to music and openly holding myself while feeling each bump on the highway.

Except, one of my coworkers (who we'll call "Sarah") was getting sent out to pick up some sensitive stuff, and she needed to drive with someone else there due to the nature of the paperwork. I volunteered, and the others headed home as we headed out. At this point I was very clearly not thinking ahead, as may sound obvious.

We drove about twenty minutes to the place to pick up the boxes of paperwork. I was very full, but the boxes were quite light, and I helped load them into the van. We then got back in and started heading back.

I have never been able to "just let go." I might lose a burst of urine if things are very bad, but then it would stop, and I would be able to conceal it. So while I sometimes get concerned that I am filling myself up enough to do damage, I never really worry about losing it in public. More likely for me would be for my fidgeting or other desperation to be noticeable. As we rode back, I was able to handle this pretty well, and kinda pulled my legs in a bit toward myself while leaning back at like a 45 degree angle into the corner made by the chair and the van door.

I didn't really have a thing for Sarah, and she was not single, but I did nonetheless find her a bit attractive, and she was nice to talk to. We were chatting while she drove us back, but she also had not been the one to be driving often, so she was a little stressed making sure we stayed on the right way back. Sometimes in her corrections (or just from normal driving) she'd hit a bit of a bump, and when I felt the pulse travel up through me, it felt like she was the one who struck my bladder herself. This was definitely fun, but it was also very painful, and I winced as we went.

At around 6pm we got back, I got over to my car, and I drove off. My bladder felt like it stung the whole journey from the van to the car, and it took all the effort I could give to walk and talk normally. On the drive back, I reached the point where trying to relax caused me to whine a little. I undid my belt a little and felt my stomach area instantly swell to fill the void, combined with a brief moment of relaxation. I was a little scared at this point, but I kept going.

Once I got home, I took off my boots, got a drink and a snack, and sat down on the bed. Being back at home where I could easily pee with no issues at any time, I felt myself relax up a bit, and when I undid my belt and the top of my jeans, my stomach came out a little further, and I felt kinda comfortable again. I thought to myself "this is ridiculous, I really shouldn't be doing this." But I kept holding. I couldn't have dinner because I just did not have enough space in my abdomen for anything other than a snack and a little more water, but I had what I could, then brushed my teeth and went to bed, still clothed and still full.

I started tossing and turning. I wasn't sure I could go to sleep. So I played a fairly relaxing game on my console, and then once I felt like I was nodding off, I went ahead and went for it. I lay there on my side, hugging a pillow, pushing very lightly on my bladder with that pillow, and smiling as I think of the giant warm ball I carry. I remember waking up twice, whining a little bit, and then going back to sleep. Eventually I ended the night with six hours of sleep, thankful that it was now early on a Saturday.

As I waited for the sun to come up, I felt a sensation that I always get if I go to sleep filled: the next morning, the desperation is slightly better, but I feel hungrier, and nothing I tell myself with convince me to eat something, as during the night my stomach deferred as much space as possible to my bladder. I was able to move, but if I did too much it became painful enough to give me a couple of tears, so I watched youtube while lightly touching my belly and pressing a little bit occasionally. I felt like there was so much bladder that there was less me than there used to be. I was a little worried again, but I kept going.

Eventually, the time reached about 8:30, and I decided I was no longer having fun. I went to the shower, turned it on warm, and stood in it in my warm clothes I was still wearing from the previous day. My clothes hugged me tightly as my bladder pulsed. I writhed in pain. Even now, I still had to give myself permission.

So I did.

For a moment, nothing came. Then it started, joining the shower water traveling down my jeans and long johns into my socks before headed towards the drain. Looking back later, I wish I measured it, but unfortunately I still haven't checked to see what my true capacity is. Regardless, I peed for about a minute to a minute and a half, I think. There were occasional stops and goes as I squeezed it out a bunch with my core muscles, then had to pause before squeezing again. (If I just relax and stop putting in any effort, the stream will stop.) Finally, after 26 hours, I peed.

I took a moment feeling lighter and incredibly relaxed and relieved. I felt a little light headed, probably partly from my lack of a dinner. Now though, I quickly became hungry again, and my stomach complained to me that it had been ignored. Looking back as I ate, I thought to myself that "this was probably a dumb idea, and it certainly wasn't the healthiest one I've had." I felt happy though, albeit sore in the midsection.

*001*2022-06-24 13:19

(Hope it's alright if I bump this, it was approved around the bottom of the first page)

