Peein' in the rain!

Author: wettingthebed

*000*2016-08-13 07:04

Hey all!

Its been a while since I did a public wetting on purpose, so today's adventure was long overdue.

For a bit of backstory, I've been out and about playing pokemon go a LOT recently, which naturally has put me in quite a few desperate situations. I considered wetting a few times, but I usually go around my university campus and was afraid I'd run into someone I know.

Today, however, I was feeling a little more adventurous than most days, and drank four bottles of water before heading out to up the desperation. I wore my favorite green panties and a pair of light grey skinny jeans with chucks. I also threw on my raincoat because the forecast warned of scattered showers, and also because it was long enough to offer passable coverage in the event of a wetting.

So I headed out with my phone and another water bottle, ready to catch em all and hold it in.

Of course it didn't take long for my bladder to fill right up, and after three hours (and 13 rattatas) I was nearly ready to give in and hit up the library bathrooms. It had started raining anyways and I didnt have an umbrella so my hair and pant legs were getting damp.

When I got to the library steps however, I saw a sign taped inside the door saying "please use other entrance" (The building has been undergoing renovations all summer so this was unsurprising). The other entrance was only a little ways around the building, but I took this as a sign to press on. Another hour, I told myself.

At this point my bladder was at critical level, and felt ready to burst every step I took. I had to stop every now and then, squeezing my thighs together and pretending to catch a pokemon. Finally, a huge wave of desperation hit, and I had to quickly sit on a bench and hold myself tightly to avoid letting loose. I knew this was the point to admit defeat, so I slowly stood up and started a careful walk to the next building down the road. While I was creeping along the rain picked up, and my shoes sloshed as I walked.

As the rain began pelting even harder, it hit me: I could pee, and no one would notice! My thighs and crotch were mostly dry, but since the rest of me was soaked who would question it? I grinned, letting my legs loosen from their stiff walk.

I then noticed some umbrella toting students walking towards me on the path, and felt a twinge of panic at the thought of wetting and them noticing. I braced myself to wait until they passed but my bladder had no time for such nonsense. I could feel myself start leaking, my panties slowly saturating and growing warm against my crotch and bum. I let out a tiny gasp, my heart galloping with adrenaline. Was this actually happening!?

As they drew nearer I relaxed myself as best I could and began peeing with purpose. Oh my god it felt amazing. Upon closer inspection I realized I actually knew one of them, and without even thinking I did something crazy: I WAVED. Now they were looking at me, making EYE CONTACT while I stood there totally peeing myself in front of them!!!!

I couldn't believe it! I had never peed in front of someone like this. They smiled and exclaimed about the rain, totally oblivious to the warm, naughty trickle splashing down my legs. One of them said "see ya around!" And they passed by and walked away without a clue.

I continued walking and peeing, my jaw dropping lower than a golbat's at what I had just done. I could feel waves of arousal through my crotch. My heart was still racing, and my vagina felt wet beyond just the literal sense. I wanted desperately to rub it right there, but I'm pretty sure someone would have noticed that.

After the shock wore off I tried having some fun and wetting some more as I walked. At one point I passed a lamppost and it took all my energy not to jump onto it and sing as I peed! xp

Anyways, so that was my little adventure for today – and the reason I'll be watching the weather channel more often! Hope you guys enjoyed!

