Late night shorts wetting

Author: wetboxerbriefs

*000*2022-07-04 02:05

So I’ve never really posted about my experiences on here before, but I had some fun the other night and thought it might be cool to share. A little background about me, I am a gay male, tall and thin build, and boxer briefs are my favorite undies to wet.

This experience took place recently, I had gotten home from the pool and really needed to pee. I stripped off my undies and swim trunks to change into fresh boxers and some shorts. I was at a 9/10 when I slipped on my white Calvin Klein boxer briefs and some white cotton shorts. The bathroom was occupied at the time, so I simply had to wait before I could go. It was exciting to me to have to pee so bad while putting on clean, white clothes. I thought I might leak, and I was holding myself through my shorts. The bathroom eventually opened up, and I made it in time. But holding had given me the idea to have some fun later on in the night.

A few hours later, I had gone out for drinks with some friends and was driving home for the night. (I drive responsibly :)) I didn’t realize until I had pulled in my driveway just how bad I needed to pee. As soon as I stood up from the car, I could feel a huge amount of pressure in my bladder. I immediately had to grab myself to keep from leaking, but the warm air and my residual buzz felt so good. I let go of my crotch and slowly started to leak. 

It started with a few spurts into my boxers, and the wetness felt so good filling the crotch of my boxer briefs. It slowly started to run down the legs of my underwear down my thighs and calves. I changed the positions I was standing in to wet as much of my shorts as possible. Finally, I sat down on the ground and let myself go completely. It was exhilarating to wet so freely, and my shorts hardly showed a difference. I loved how they clung to my body, and my wet boxers felt so good on underneath. Once I was finished, I went inside and enjoyed the state of my clothes. Doing this wetting definitely made me want to do more soon!

*002*2022-07-05 01:03

{{22 hours ago, Kiwi_Rebecca_C said:

That's fun! How long do you think you could have held it if you tried?

}}

I probably would’ve only been able to hold for another five minutes max. I could’ve made it to the toilet in time but just wasn’t feeling it

