Bedwetting in the North

Author: wetpirate

*000*2017-06-22 23:34

Hello, i've been lurking for quite awhile & I recently got an account to post an experience. So here we go.

A few years ago I went up to my cousin's place to hang out with him, my uncle, & my grandparents. I made sure to go to the toilet very often during the 16-24 hour trip to get there to prevent the possibility of arriving wet. Without incident we arrived & my computer was set up to play online with my cousin who is like a brother to me.

Around 9:30 I realized that I needed to go pee. Only problem was that my grandparents were asleep & the toilet was in their room. I could've used my aunt's since she was still awake but I was afraid of her a bit (my mother & her got into alot of fights so I thought she might stab me or something - thank god she wouldn't). So I eventually just forgot & went on drinking till midnight where I went to sleep (beddie by we call it).

Suddenly I woke up with a damp feeling - I assumed I had a wet dream so I just went back to sleep for bit till I woke up again because it got really cold & then I realized that I had completely drenched my pants. My grandfather came in & saw that the spot was wet - he said "Ah that damn dog must've slobbered" then he told me to change & help him with getting the stuff into the washer. I was relieved that they had thought this & I went about my day feeling embarrased - but also victorious.

*004*2017-06-30 04:22

{{On 6/26/2017 at 11:15 PM, Ashen Scout said:

They knew, he was being a good grandpa =D

}}

{{On 6/27/2017 at 1:08 PM, WetDave said:

Agreed, this is most likely! It's the sort of thing my grandparents would have done and I'd likely make a similar embarrassment-avoiding excuse if my grandkids wet the bed.

There's no way a fully peed-in bed could be mistaken for a slobbering dog.

Just trying to cause @wetpirate some retrospective embarrassment!

}}

Now that i've aged I suspected this to be so.

