My 4 hour summer-series hold, in story form

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2024-07-18 20:49

Okay! I completed this dare in its own thread a couple days ago, was great fun, thanks @Tellnoone

. Here is a narration of how that went.

I began by drinking 320ml. My capacity is usually drinking 1200-1400ml before I'm bursting and inevitably wet myself so I wanted to pace things out seeing as I was denied the toilet for the next 3 hours.

By about 40 minutes in I was beginning to feel some nice pleasant bladder tingles, but nothing strong, a lovely 4/10 urge. At this point I drank a small glass of water, bringing the total consumed up to 550ml.

I did the math and if I was around 4/10 or so by the end of the first hour, I'd be 8/10 by the end of the second... and then, oh no, 12/10 by the end of the 3rd? I began to get excited in nervous anticipation of the few hours to come. The forecast was certainly looking wet for my pants in a few hours.

Around the 1 hour mark, the urge began to climb a bit faster than I was expecting, and I had my first wave of urgency! No matter though, once it was over I was back to a pleasant 5/10.

At an hour and 20 minutes in (halfway) I was beginning to feel my bladder a little more (6/10) and decided to brew myself some green tea, a known bladder irritant and something that fills my bladder rapidly with large volumes of pee. Mmmm. I was feeling confident! I can usually last an hour with a really bursting, stretched bladder (8/10+), so I figured I would be okay. Overconfident? Perhaps, but the uncertainty is what made things fun.

By an hour and 40 minutes in I had drank 2 large mugs of tea (probably about 400ml each), bringing my total up to 1350 ml. Quite close to my max capacity...how exciting. By now I was really squirming, wildly horny, and my bladder was starting to have a cute bulge.

By an hour and 50 minutes I was feeling desperate, enjoying a delicious 7.5/10 bladder. However I was beginning to get waves of much higher desperation levels, and I still had over an hour to go! This was not gonna be easy!

At this point my bladder bulge was still small, but feeling very urgent, probably from the green tea I had chosen to irritate my bladder. I was now squirming basically uncontrollably or holding myself on and off.

At this point there was a complication. I've been staying with my family this week and they usually like to eat dinner together. I had banked on my hold finishing before we normally ate, but this time I found out we were having dinner early. I was going to have to maintain composure around my parents for half an hour, which was not going to be easy.

I sat still in my room and tried to practice not squirming or holding myself so I could act normal in front of my family. I was fairly confident, but this was an unanticipated obstacle. At this point I was really wishing I could just go wet myself, my bladder was an 8/10 or more but there was an hour left in the challenge. I decided it would be necessary to let out a quick spurt in the toilet to ease off the pressure a little and ensure I could make it through dinner.

I let out 10 seconds of pee, forcing my desperate bladder to clamp back up with difficulty afterwards! *squirms* I was still feeling desperate for sure but definitely more in control. I had noticed I felt and looked physically flushed from the effort of holding and couldn't risk that or any leaks/squirming in front of my parents.

Dinner went fine, I was able to be composed because of the 10 second leak. I sat with one foot under me, which is something I used to do a lot as a kid and still do now sometimes, so thankfully my family wouldn't have thought that was odd. I was actually using my heel to help me hold.

I did have a huge wave of desperation come over me at one point and just clenched my pelvic floor muscles and scooped myself vegetables very slowly until it was over. Normally a wave like that would've showed all over my face but I managed to keep it together.

After dinner, I usually like to help clean up and unfortunately once I stood up I realized I couldn't make it through dishes without letting a bit more out. I went to the washroom and let out only a 5 second leak which was BRUTAL. I was standing up, holding myself with both hands and shaking afterwards because my poor little bladder reallllyyy wanted to let go fully after that. But of course, I denied it.

The 5 second spurt did help a little. No one was in the kitchen so I managed to get through the dishes (super hard with water running) while shifting frantically from one foot to the other, squirming and with a couple breaks to kneel down on my heel and fight through insane desperate spasms.

By this point I had reached the 3 hour mark! 🎉 However, because I had to let out 15 seconds worth of pee I decided to 1) extend my hold to 4 hours and 15 minutes, at someone in my thread's wise suggestion, and 2) get myself a large 320ml glass of water to replace what I let go and get my bladder back to bursting where it should be!

At this point I had my first small leak, but just on my underwear so I wasn't too concerned.

By 3.5 hours in, that extra water was hitting me and I was SUFFERING, beginning to reach bursting levels just as I had planned. I had a crazy desperate wave that was really hard to hold through, and I leaked. My damp underwear were not making it easier to continue holding.

At 3 hours and 50 minutes, I felt the pressure in my bladder stretching my abdomen as my bulge reached a respectable size. 8.5/10, yum, I felt pregnant with pee. I enjoyed the feeling, but after a few minutes of struggling, my leak turned into a hot little wet patch (see below). I had no plans of giving in yet though. My plan was to go down to my bathroom (down a flight of stairs) while still dry and wait to lose control involuntarily. I would have to change out of the wet shorts and bring them down with me to put back on.

A few minutes later, just when I was about to change out of the shorts and go downstairs, I leaked heavily. In fact, pee started flowing uncontrollably in my shorts for several seconds (see next 2 photos).

At exactly 4 hours I realized I was frantic, up to a 9.5/10. I realized I might not be able to get the shorts off and into dry shorts without pissing myself. I looked down helplessly as I started to wet myself, right then and there on my carpet floor. Still hoping to finish downstairs, I took the shorts off and managed to clench up and stop the flow... before realizing I would not make it downstairs without a full-blown flood.

Hurriedly, I rushed to empty out a laundry basket of clean clothes to stand in and piss myself into, squirming and grabbing myself like crazy. Then I put the shorts back on, as of course a full bladder should only be released into pants! (that's why there are wet patches up near the waistband).

I stumbled into the laundry basket, already spurting, and felt my aching bladder give in all on its own. I peed my heart out full force, drenching my legs for at least a minute. The relief was delicious and because my bladder was so full I felt warm streams continue to fill my shorts and flow over my legs for soooo long, it was wonderful!

A half hour later, I was already back to a 5/10 urge to pee, which was fun. Drinking lots and holding a long time will do that to ya!

*007*2024-07-21 20:29

I meant to add this, I was inspired by @Kei

's "Flood of Pleasure" to write a more fleshed out narration of my hold for Sumer Dare #3! Please feel free to comment what you liked or questions you may have!

I haven't written something longer and omo-related in a minute and I really enjoy it, both telling the story and coming back to read it later.

