House to myself today

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2024-07-25 18:24

Hey guys, so I have the house to myself today, which is a rare thing. I will definitely be taking the opportunity to wet in the backyard, which is something I can't normally get away with with people home. I might not have a lot of time but want to at least enjoy a couple nature wettings. Any other ideas for me to try?

I think I'm going to start the bladder filling now, with 500ml of water, I need to be desperate in about an hour because in an hour and a half I have a meeting and won't be able to pee for an hour

*003*2024-07-25 18:33

{{3 minutes ago, Ajeje said:

I certainly have many ideas for you to try! May I send you a PM?

}}

Sure! You're welcome to share here too though!

Okay I've made my way outside (its such nice day!) and started the bladder filling!

My goal is to get desperate quickly and maybe even fill up again after that so I'm going to drink every 15 minutes for the next little while while I do some work. I'm open to suggestions for how much to drink

I also put on some nice light jeans that are pretty tight so should feel good to wet in

*005*2024-07-25 18:40

Time for another drink! Another 500ml it is, gotta get nice and full.

I also got out my favourite tattered old "wetting shoes". I don't get to wet outside very often so I'm looking forward to this 🙂

{{1 minute ago, wetgarth said:

Outdoor garden wetting are one of my favourites.

To be able to just sit there and let it flow and remain sat right where you are. In my experience clothes that soak up well so you can get the full feeling.

Garden chairs are great for this

}}

Sadly I don't know if I'd feel confident cleaning a garden chair (none are only mine) but I have a few options, ivy patch, grass, flagstones... lots of options

*007*2024-07-25 18:44

{{1 minute ago, Ajeje said:

Ok! You could maybe run some ice against your privates once you're nice and full. I was also thinking you might wear a belt to compress your bladder during the online meeting

}}

I'm hoping to be able to concentrate during the online meeting so I probably won't really be able to engage in omo play anymore by then. I wouldn't be surprised if I end up a bit desperate by the end though.

The jeans I'm wearing are already quite tight so I won't need a belt to compress my bladder once it starts filling up!

Second 500ml down, more water in 15 minutes!

I've now drank 1 litre in 20 minutes so it should start hitting me soon

*008*2024-07-25 18:48

Okay I'll check back in here once I start feeling some urge, so far nothing yet

*010*2024-07-25 18:59

{{4 minutes ago, wetgarth said:

I hope you get that urge. I have lined you a lovely wetting scenario for myself only to be dissapointed by the resulting flow.

Hopefully your will be better 😁

}}

Aw darn that's too bad.

Good news I'm now starting to feel a slight urge. It's been 15 minutes so I think more water is in store. How much should I drink?

*011*2024-07-25 19:01

{{Just now, Garcinpajaroaz said:

Let's not rush. What about 250 ml

Would you be comfortable with that?

}}

I poured 400ml whoops.

I'm in a bit of a rush because I only have about the next 45 minutes to fill up, struggle for a bit and wet myself because my meeting's in an hour

At a pleasant 5/10 now, feels nice. I expect things will get a lot more urgent soon with how much I've drank though

*012*2024-07-25 19:07

1400ml total down! 45 minutes in.

Urge only a 5.5/10, but feels nice. Gonna just wait for it to build up now.

Gonna go do some dishes and come back

*013*2024-07-25 19:18

Okay 1 hour in, unfortunately I'm not filling as fast as I'd hoped to be but good news, I did start to squirm towards the end of finishing the dishes so it is starting to hit me for sure.

A nice 6/10, feels nice but nothing to be concerned about yet. I had my jeans unbuttoned as they're very tight (kinda too small) but I've just done them up to put some extra pressure on my bladder as it fills

I'm sorta tempted to have more water but more than 1500ml would really be a lot considering in 30 minutes I have to hold for 1 hour...

*014*2024-07-25 19:23

Doing jumping jacks and leg raises because I googled "how to help your bladder fill faster" haha. It is definitely making me feel the need more

Starting to feel antsy

An extra 200ml couldn't hurt could it?

My poor bladder😈🤭

Beginning to get desperate now, its all hitting me! Got a slight bladder bulge and 7/10. Squirming a lottttt

*015*2024-07-25 19:29

I have about 15 minutes left to wet myself, gonna let it build a little but I'll probably let go before I lose control

*017*2024-07-25 19:37

So I wet myself early because I was really looking forward to feeling the aftermath, but sadly it didn't quite spread the way I was hoping in these jeans, almost all of it came out the back over my bum! still it was very nice to soak my pants and shoes outside. Pics coming 🙂

I wet early because I know I'll fill back up and want to rewet before my meeting

*018*2024-07-25 19:48

&&

&&

&&

*019*2024-07-25 19:56

Last dribbles of the first wetting (the original video I took literally showed nothing on the front until I peed some more unfortunately)

%number 1.mp4

And a mini rewetting before I head in for my meeting

%rewetting.mp4

*020*2024-07-25 21:15

So as I expected with 1600ml making its way through me, the meeting was not easy. I already had a slight urge by the time it started, just 10 minutes after my second wetting, but figured there was no point peeing again before the meeting, my bladder would fill up either way.

I got squirmier throughout the meeting but managed to keep my face composed and probably just looked a tad fidgety by 30-40 minutes in, but was still engages. I did sit a towel down on my chair before the meeting started as I knew there was a chance I might leak.

And leak I did, in the last 10 minutes of the meeting my bladder had reached an 8.5/10 and I was having a hard time not being able to hold myself so I slowly and silently leaked through my pants into the towel on purpose for just a few seconds, to ease off the pressure. That got me through the last 10 minutes, but when the meeting was over and I stood up, I promptly flooded my pants.

*021*2024-07-25 21:37

{{17 minutes ago, Garcinpajaroaz said:

Excelente! You're so naughty wetting during your meeting jajaja

}}

I was very careful to do it slowly so there would be no sound

