Holding My Limit While Nude

Author: wettingman

*000*2023-08-14 02:47

First a disclaimer .This happened Thursday evening at camp. I was naked, as it is a nudist campground. To be clear we cannot, do not just pee anywhere in front of people, or in a public area, just because everything is exposed. Doing so is so obvious it would be considered worse than wetting my pants in public. I only mention this up to because of comments on some pee boards, people thinking we just let go wherever whenever. We don’t that would be offensive and cause an unhealthy mess.

That boring stuff out of the way, on to my fun, though unplanned evening hold.

I had to pee a little bit as I sat down to dinner, but no big deal, maybe 4/10. I had two twelve ounce beers with my leisurely dinner about 6:30 PM. About 50 minutes later I finished eating and ran water to do the dishes. Of course the beers and time naturally increased my need to go a bit maybe 5-6/10. But running very warm water and putting my hands in it instantly brought me to the edge of a leak. This annoyed me because my bladder was not that full, so I decided to hold it. My hands were in the sink, so making sure my penis was between my legs I squeezed them tightly together. I lost a tiny drop or two onto my leg, and my need to pee returned to normal.

I finished my task and I didn’t feel any urgent need to urinate, and not wanting to just give my bladder a habit pee break I decided to sit in my recliner, and read a book and just held my pee for a while. I set a 2.5 hours goal. After 1.5 hours my bladder was very uncomfortably (but pleasantly) full. Pressure was starting to build at the base of my dick. Another half hour my bladder was so full it was stretched to the point it had started to hurt. The pressure in my penis had extended to the tip just below my pee hole.

Soon I got the sharp pricking feeling right at my pee hole, feeling like my pee was about to come out. Being nude in this situation has the advantage that I can get direct access to my dick and started squeezing it tightly. The bladder spasm passed without a leak for now. I removed my hand but within a few minutes another wave occurred and I grabbed myself again but this time I leaked a little bit on my hand. I had about 15 minutes left until my goal, but the strong sharp stabbing pressure at my pee hole became constant. I had to hold my dick or squeeze it between my legs, or both constantly. I experienced a few tiny leaks onto my legs or hand. Ahh I had to pee so freakin bad.

All this occured while I continued to distract myself by reading my book. Turning the pages got a bit tricky because my hand was slowly getting a bit wet. I reached my 2.5 hour goal, but had 10 minutes left in the chapter. I had not planned to do a hold, and had not done on in a long time. But despite by distended bladder and the pressure in my penis, I was enjoying it, so I decided to continue to hold my pee.

My bladder complained by sending a couple of bigger leaks of pee down my urethra. I struggled to keep them from coming out, successful at first, but eventually they seeped past that small slit at the end of my shaft. Fortunately I had a towel on my chair, as is etiquette for being naked, because the leaks had become more frequent and a bit bigger. I would have gotten the chair wet. I don't want to pee on furniture.

Finally I was finished with the chapter and put the book down. I did not have a good grip right at that moment and a bigger more forceful spurt sprayed across my left arm on onto the chair ( I usually hold myself with my right hand). I squeezed my dick tightly but I couldn’t hold it anymore ,and still peed enough to get my hand and belly wet. I tried to get up to go outside, pulling myself up with just my left hand, and relieve myself in the wooded area behind my site. However with bad knees I could not do it.

Now I had a problem. I could not hold it any longer. My pee felt like it was about to exploded out of me. I could not get up without both hands but if I let go of myself with my right, I was going to spray pee everywhere. I uncontrollably leaked a bit more onto my hand and leg. That lessened the pressure a bit momentarily.

With both hand free for a brief moment, I got up quickly and headed for the door. Pee started to flow into my urethra under pressure. As any guy knows once pee gets past the sphincter and into the urethra, under high pressure there is nothing I can do to stop it from coming out, and to try causes excruciating agony that reflexively forces me to stop squeezing. This happened just as I opened the door. I removed my hand and pee exploded under high force from my pee hole. The force of my stream was so strong I felt my pee hole stretch to let my urine gush out, a rare occurrence. I was on the top step of two of my RV down to my 8 foot wide deck.

My high pressure stream aided a bit by my height off the deck shot ¾ of the way across my deck, splattering loudly all over. I descended my down the steps and across the platform. Stopping or even slowing the flow was impossible. I did not want to urinate on my deck but I was powerless to prevent my overfull bladder from emptying itself. As quickly as I could I rushed to the grass and behind some trees, but not before I had gushed out 2/3 of what my bladder held into puddles on the deck.

I was surprised at how far my pee stream shot out. I think this was the first time I did an extreme hold until I couldn’t while nude. Normally I do it in my pants so I feel rather than see the stream. I know when peeing outside in private it does not go near that far. I have peed on the floor nude but not like that. Wow.

*002*2023-08-15 18:25

{{17 minutes ago, Maybeweirdmayb said:

OMG 😍🥵 Holding naked is soooo much harder…

}}

Yes and no. True if your genitals re exposed your body may think it's ok or even normal to pee.

On the other hand, I can much easier get a better, tighter grip on penis to try to hold back the flow of pee. This is what I did.

*005*2023-08-21 00:54

{{6 hours ago, birthdaycake said:

So hot thanks for sharing. I do recall a video you had made a few years ago at your camp. So amazingly hot.

}}

Thank you. After I peed I regretted not video recording it. However at the time I didn't think of it. When I stood up pee started seeping out through my hand and dripping onto the floor. Any delay and my sphincter would have burst and I would have lost control inside instead of just outside, my RV causing a difficult to clean up mess. I was laser focused on getting outside in the few seconds left before my pee erupted from my dick. It would have been awesome to share my pee splattering out unstoppably all over.

