Car desperation - what makes it great?

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2025-01-03 00:39

I've discovered recently that I really enjoy car desperation (apart from the major drawback that if I lose control, cleaning the seat sucks)

I have 2 recent car desperation stories from before and after new years that I will be sharing, but first, lets discuss. What aspects make car desperation great?

Forced holding: I've been on plenty of long drives where I had no omo intentions but the urge to pee just crept up on me slowly, and there was no where to use the bathroom. This is particularly true for backroads/country highways where there are no rest stops bladder roulette: when you're in the earlier stages of bladder fullness, you can play a fun game of roulette with your bladder where you drink more water and see how quickly the urge starts to catch up with you. if you *must* choose a pee break, the "will I make it?" uncertainty:

Especially when towns are few and far between, I'm prone to saying "ah I'll skip it till the next town" and choosing to hold it a bit longer the rush of finding a private enough spot "in the wild" to pee: (i.e. a cornfield/forest off the side of the road). I have never been brave enough to do this but almost did this summer when I was really desperate. If I could find a place truly hidden I like the idea. forced to stay in wet pants/your puddle: Peeing the seat is never my intention & does suck to clean, but when it has happened, being stuck in my wet pants/pee spot for another hour or so along my drive is a thrill. bit embarassing but: grinding against something subtly to help you hold. I put a hard plastic glasses case between my legs and it helped a lot to allow me to hold as my bladder was at its fullest stages (and felt great).

Please add to my list with any of your own points (or car desperation stories!)

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2025-01-03 01:04

{{10 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

* Keeping a supply of plastic trash bags and a towel in the vehicle works great for a "cant make it" or "dont want to make it scenario

}}

I think I'll have to try this for my next long drive! It's mostly country highways as opposed to freeways near me, meaning no rest stops. I just enjoy being desperate too much that if I'm on my way home, I will often deny myself the few opportunities for relief that there are until its too late 🙈🌧️

*003*2025-01-03 01:30

The first time I got desperate on a long drive & wet myself this summer (white shorts) followed by my jeans on the drive home after new years yesterday.

After mopping up the puddle I sat in my wet jeans for another hour on the road. I was also wearing a pad which was soaked to max capacity!

&&

&&

&&

&&

*007*2025-01-03 03:09

{{30 minutes ago, OmObi said:

The thrill driving along knowing that you have wet your pants, lots of people can see you but they don't know is pretty hot.

}}

This!! the only thing I hate is cleaning the car seat. I had to do that yesterday and it was such a pain. But driving along in your puddle/wet pants? 10/10 feeling

*008*2025-01-03 03:15

{{20 minutes ago, Kiddchaos said:

Car wettings are some of my favorites. I'm a car and motorcycle enthusiast and always fantasized about blending the two when I was younger. I owned a small 2 seat convertible with a crappy interior. I'd practice rapid desperation methods and keep up fluid intake as I left for a drive. That seat was soaked through many times, probably the carpet too...

The feeling of the soaked cushion around me. The seat was modified to fit my tall self. It had less foam in the center to lower me a bit.

If trying to minimize damage, I've always found a trash bag kinda cupping you with a towel on it to absorb. Great for leaks and minor wettings, massive floods beware for your carpet below. Just make sure you don't catch the bag on something and create a tear.

I've never found myself wanting for a bathroom on the road though. Never been that desperate by chance. Always intentional.

Y'all will appreciate this from my archive.

}}

Lovely picture! Looks like a solid soaking, is that pee up your shirt too?

That sounds very freeing to have a car seat that you can pee freely in, unfortunately I sometimes give friends and family rides so I can't risk the inside of my car smelling like pee.

But totally agree on the feeling of sitting in your puddle - especially when you have a significant amount of the drive left and are forced to stay in it. I'll definitely have to try the trash bag and towel method for my next long drive.

&&

*014*2025-01-03 20:33

{{9 hours ago, Ian Newton said:

Definitely this, although I've never actually done it!

I think the fact you're trapped somewhere with no ability to relieve yourself is the biggest turn on. The most realistic scenario.

}}

Yes, this!!

{{9 hours ago, MrMistyEyes said:

This.. as a guy it helps a lot to have a water bottle or knot of clothing/towel jammed in right under the perineum helping keep the urethra pressed firmly shut.. if you get it just right it's quite comfortable, and damn hot knowing that you won't let a drop out even if you leak involuntarily (I'm all about being forced to hold as much as possible).

Also, in newer cars where the seats move around and up & down electronically it's super hot to lower the seat, then engage the seatbelt lock so it stays tight, then slowly raise the seat so the belt pushes harder and harder on your bladder.. You can reach some insane levels of "fullness" by adding pressure like that and while being all horny it feels amazing.. pull over somewhere and rub one out while slowly adding more and more pressure.. mmm

}}

That's cool that that actually forces you to hold it completely. As a woman it definitely helps but its not foolproof - at a certain point I started spurting anyway. The seatbelt thing is something I NEVER would have thought of!! Very creative... I may have to try that

