Lost the game...

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2021-05-29 20:09

Today one of my school time friends visited me and we spend a really fun night and have a few drinks in the way aswell, and maybe it was the alcohol which speak but we ended up discussing about fetishes. I have known her since middle school and we are totally comfortable to talk anything about life in general but this time fetishes..

She started it about telling me that she is really ticklish and her girlfriend tend to take advantage on that and like to tickle her while she need to pee quite badly. She told me that she had peed herself multible times while her girlfriend is teasing her and she said she loves that. While we speak i was courage enough to tell her i like that kind of stuff too, and she was like...What! you too!!

The next thing happened she challenged me to holding challenge and i accept the challenge and i was totally fine with it and i know she wasnt interested in guys anyways so it was a friendly challenge..

Which i totally lost..she have a iron bladder and she even leaked when i was totally loosing control and end up peeing myself in front of her. She watched as i lost control and giggled and comfort me saying that it was a nice try..well maybe so...anyways here is few pics of the aftermath. She also mentoned she might join up here as i mentioned this site and the peefans site...hope she does.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2021-05-30 07:49

{{7 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Sounds like an amazing night! Awesome pics!

}}

It was fun i can assure you, but i am a bit disappointed that she didnt even leak a little while we were holding, all i can say she had a bladder of steel i must say. Althought when she headed to te toilet she told me that she leaked a little on the way but nothing obvious just a damp panties i quess..

*004*2021-05-30 15:56

{{2 hours ago, Alex62 said:

You should challenge her to a rematch.

}}

Maybe..it would be fun and as a summer now it would be nice to doing some holding contest out in the nature aswell.

