I had my first (semi) public desperation and wetting.

Author: wet_jeans_love

*000*2024-05-19 14:08

I've had plenty of holds and wettings in the privacy of my apartment, but I wanted to spice things up by going somewhere where others could potentially see me. I wanted to simulate a true accident in my jeans, and doing something like this would make it seem more real. The plan was as follows: go to a nearby public park early in the morning (to minimize the risk of getting caught), drink a bunch of soda and tea, and walk around until I have an accident. Today, I put the plan into action.

I woke up around 5:30 this morning to prepare. I put on tight blue jeans (not too light, but also not too dark either) with briefs underneath, a tee-shirt, socks, and sneakers. After using the bathroom for the final time before my wetting, I filled up my water bottle and drank half (which I think is ~400ml). I also packed a large soda (around 17oz) and Arizona iced tea (22oz). I then drove to the park, which was about a 15 minute drive away, and arrived at around 6 am. This park is fairly large and has multiple parking lots. I parked in a side gravel lot, where I thought would have fewer people. However, despite the main lots being empty, this lot had a few cars for some reason. I still park, and I drink the soda as I'm sitting in the car.

After getting out of my car, I take a picture of my dry jeans, thinking about how they'd look by the end of the morning. There's a few people around, which is already more than I hoped. Thankfully, the park is pretty big, and there seemed to be fewer people elsewhere in the park. The park is also sort of divided into 2 regions: an open region, and I more secluded wooded region, which contains a trail that follows a pond. I head towards the wooded trial as I'm drinking my Arizona tea. After walking around the trial a bit and not seeing anyone, I felt a bit better. I finish my iced tea and start walking back towards my car. It's around 6:50 at this point, and I was getting a little impatient that I wasn't that desperate. In fact, I hardly needed to pee. Thankfully, as I found out, that would change very quickly!

I get back into my car, drink the rest of the water in my water bottle in increase my need to pee, and then drive to another lot where there're no cars. I get out and head back down to the secluded, wooded trail, which was close to my new parking spot. I walk along the trail (which goes by the water) for a bit. Around 7:30, the desperation hits me like a truck. Like, I barley needed to pee 40 minutes ago, and now I'm actually desperate. My plan is to try to make it to 8 o clock, and then walk back to my car. If I can do that keeping my jeans dry, I told myself I would allow myself to use the bathroom (which was right next to where I parked) and avoid the potential embarrassment of being seen in peed jeans. This gave me a good incentive to actually hold.

I walk along the trail away from my car until I encounter a random concrete slab. It's 7:50 at the point. The goal now is to wait on this slab for 10 minutes, and then I'll allow myself to walk back to the bathroom. But I'm seriously desperate at this point, and even 10 minutes seems like an eternity. Eight minutes pass, and realize there's only two more minutes until I can walk to the bathroom. Thankfully, no one was around (I hadn't seen anyone the whole time I was on the slab).

But I'm seriously desperate at this point. I continue to hold, and I'm not even making this up, but at EXACTLY 8am, I feel myself losing control and starting to pee my jeans. I was literally peeing my jeans at a public park. Thankfully, I regain control after a few seconds and I inspect the damage. While it definitely wasn't a complete soaking, there was a very large and noticeable wet patch on my jeans, which I took a picture of to remind myself of what I did. Now I needed to get back to my car without being seen. Luckily, I had a jacket on since it was a little chilly, and I could use that to hide my accident if necessary. But I didn't see anyone on the way back, so there was no need. I use the bathroom to finish peeing, change (well, I changed first...), and drive home.

Overall, it was really exciting and I'm glad I did it! I could've easily gotten away with soaking my jeans totally, but my goal was to simulate a realistic accident, and I was able to regain control and avoid a total soaking. I may make this harder in the future by drinking more, or going somewhere where I'm a little more likely to be seen, but this was a really exciting first start! I never thought I'd wet anywhere besides the privacy of my apartment, and it honestly wasn't as terrifying as I expected.

IMG_1008[1].HEIC

IMG_1011[1].HEIC

