My First, Purposeful, Wetting (Male)

Author: Walker9921

*000*2017-12-05 06:53

Hey all. So, I've been into Omorashi for quite some time, but have never had a chance to try it out for myself; that is until tonight. I don't live alone (since I live in an apartment of campus from the college I go to so I've always been scared of getting caught while attempting a hold. This evening though, I had the perfect opportunity to try it out for myself.

Before I get into it, let me say a bit about myself. I'm 6'3" and only 140ish pounds. I have a pretty small bladder, so I always tend to go to the bathroom whenever I have the chance to, and also why I don't hold on purpose around others; since I'm scared I would get into a situation where I would actually wet myself.

Everyone left to go out to a concert, so I came up with a devious plan. I said goodbye to everyone, and then proceeded to walk down the the grocery store like a block away. I went and found myself a half gallon of Diet Snapple Black/lemon Tea. I decided that this would do the trick to get me filled up fast (since i only had about 3 hours total). Once I got home, i proceeded to drink the entire jug of tea in about 15 minutes, and then sat down and started watching some Netflix. It really did not take me long at all to start noticing a slight urge to go. Another 30 minutes went by and I was slowly starting to get desperate. (I would say I was at about a 6/10 at this point). I decided that I would take it up a notch and go take a bath. Just starting up the water brought my urge up to about a 8/10 and I was starting to get second thoughts whether I would be able to hold it once I got in the water. But, Alas I did!

15 Minutes later my urge was still at a 8/10 and I made a challenge to myself; I was to hold for another 45 minutes before I could relieve myself (which I will tell you right now, I didn't even make it close to that mark!) So, after I bathed I stood up and got out; which is when things started to become difficult. The shift in my bladder from me standing and moving around was enough to make it unhappy and I doubled over in urge and I actually leaked a bit! This surprised me greatly as I have never actually leaked before. My urge went up to about a 9 at this point.

After I completed all of my hygiene routines, I decided to go lay on my bed in only by boxers. As soon as I laid down, I must have shifted the contents of my bladder too much again and I leaked out again within 5 minutes of the previous one! This was defiantly the most desperate I have ever been to piss. The pressure down there was incredible! It was almost too much. I was at a solid 9.5 at this point.

With 25 minutes to go, I realized that I wasn't going to reach my goal I had originally set for myself. As I laid on my bed, I could feel the pee slowly working its way out of my bladder, and into my penis. I got up quite fast, which probably didn't help my situation get any better. I stood up and started holding myself, but to my surprise, I started leaking yet again! This time though, I couldn't stop it.

My boxers instantly became soaked and the pee slowly started working its way down my legs and onto the towel I placed down on my floor (yay me for thinking ahead for once.) I peed for about a good 2 minutes or so. the bath towel I had laid down was completely soaked and started to pool out onto the hardwood floor. I didn't think anyone could ever pee that much; let alone myself! I felt so relieved; although I wish I could have measured to see how much I was actually holding. That was defiantly the most relief I have ever felt in my entire life!!! (I had 18 minutes left of my challenge before I wet)...

Sorry if this story is boring, I'm not too good at writing; or sharing experiences with others either. I'm sure i'll learn how to write better the more experiences I have:). In the process of me writing this, my bladder has already reached about a 7/10 again! Since they are still gone, I may have a little bit more fun before they return :D

