Nearly soaked my Car Seat

Author: Wet-Robert

*000*2023-08-29 06:30

I was on a long roadtrip, back home yes I drank some water but there was no holding planned. I started maybe at 11 in the morning, made some stops for Benzin or the Toilet and now I now it was around 18:00.

I didn't felt any urge to pee, but a bit hungry. So I left the motorway to get something at a Subway. The car was parked and I walked over to the Building, Inside 2 people already queued for the Subway.

When I joined the Line, I could feel a small urge to pee again, the last stop was more than an hour ago and due to the heat I drank regularly. But it wasn't to strong and the Line behind me grow quickly. So I waited, ordered my Sub and left the building.

While walking over the carpark the urge became a bit bigger, but still nothing really to worry about. So I sat down in my car and eating, with the plan to pee after I finished.

Then, suddenly and without a warning, a bigger wave hit me and I had to hold my self for a moment.

My first first thought was to leave their Car-Park fast, enter the motorway and stop at the next Rest-Area. Because first the toilets next to the Subway costed money and I didn't had Coins and second the building was a quite long walk over the Car-Park away.

The moment, when the Way eases out didn't come, I still don't know what caused it, but on the day my bladder switch vom 3/10 to 11/10 in seconds. Wiered because I didn't drink that much.

Then there was the first big squirt into my underwear, the next probably already on the way.

Peeing my pants feels nice in my opinion, but not on my new Car Seat without protection and on my way back home to family where everyone could see what happened.

So I had to find a Solution REALLY QUICK.

Toilet in the house? To far away

Peeing next to the car? No, the Car-Park was crowded with families and Cars

Using a Tree or Bush? No, none of which in sight.

Then the next spurt hit the fabric of my underwear and my left Hand already clamping on my Penis.

I panicked and looked around my Car, then saw an empty bottle: MY RESCUE.

Thankfully on the left and right where only empty parked cars and Infront of me was an empty field, so I had a bit of privacy.

I grabbed it, leaked a little more while needing both hands to open it but could still hold back most of the flood.

While pulling down my pants, my bladder gave in and realsed my pee. I clamped my foreskin which rapidly fills up like a balloon and then started to spray our like a garden hose you try to keep shut.

Finally I managed to place the bottle between my legs and put my noodle at the top of it.

I pissed for maybe a minute, in the end I had to stop because the 1L bottle was full. But I managed to empty myself enough to reach the next service station.

I put my still warm bottle I the rubbish, pissed at the toilet and changed my pants. Because there was a visible dark patch. Also I cleaned a bit in my car, because some pee droplets even reached the steering wheel.

*002*2023-08-29 20:03

{{32 minutes ago, birthdaycake said:

Hot !!!thanks for sharing.

}}

Thanks for the compliment

