Pee Shy at the Football match

Author: wetchris

*000*2023-01-07 16:51

The following is based very closely on a true event which happened to me decades ago!

When I was a teenager I suffered from being pee shy and found it difficult to urinate in a pubic place unless it was in a locked cubicle. Many was the time I would arrive home desperate for the toilet, sometimes already wet. I had been forced to hold myself because I just couldn't start to pee when I was out. It was eventually cured by some hypnotherapy.

My next door neighbour was a keen follower of football, soccer for our American cousins and occasionally he was able to get a ticket and I went with him. I'd never had a strong bladder which added to my problems so when we arrived I would pop into a cubicle in the toilets, pull my underwear and trousers down and urinate sitting on the toilet. It just made it easier to start the flow!

It was an evening cup match at Tottenham Hotspur's ground in London with a large crowd and at half time as I felt comfortable I had a cup of tea from the flask that Reg had brought with him. That was the first mistake!

During the second half of the match I felt a growing need for the toilet and became worried. I knew that at the end of such games there were often long queues. Crowds were very large and everyone stood in those days and you could hardly move let alone make your way out the toilets during a game. I just had to fight the growing need to relieve myself.

I had often seen guys so desperate that they had broken from the lines and run to a nearby wall and pee only to be castigated by stewards or even the police. I had even heard tales of guy getting their cocks put and just peeing where they stood because they couldn't get out or hold their pee.

The home side were winning 1-0 close to full time and I knew that soon I could hobble down to the toilets and hopefully get in a cubicle.

But then disaster struck. The other team equalised and the game went into another 30 minutes extra time. I hadn't even considered the possibility. My need to pee immediately intensified and I went into panic mode. By now I would say I was an 8/10.

The match continued but I was finding it increasingly hard to stand still. With everyone so close together I was able to move my hand under the heavy duffle coat I was wearing and squeeze myself through my trousers which always helped in those situations.

By the time the final whistle went my bladder had gone from feeling intensely painful to literally numb! Anyone else who suffers from pee problems knows that feeling of going hot and sweaty and feeling their pulse in the head. That was just how desperate I was!

We inched steadily down the terraces as the crowds started to clear and I prayed the queue for the toilets wouldn't be too long. But then I felt a shooting pain and a jet of hot piss went into my underpants - probably white cotton y-fronts in those days.

Instinctively I grabbed myself and hunched forward which only served to draw attention to my plight. "You okay" said Reg. "Wont be long I need one too," he proclaimed. Eventually the crowds eased and we were able to move quicker. But another jet of piss graced my already damp undies and this time I felt a dribble go down my leg. I felt myself going red.

Reaching the toilets there was a sight of about 20 guys outside the toilets, let alone those inside. And I knew there were only two cubicles! As we inched along towards the entrance more pee escaped and then that was it ...... the flood gates opened and there I was a 15-yearold uncontrollably wetting himself like a little toddler! Even now I recall the pee came out so fast that it pooled in my underwear before it could soak through the material and pee was running both down the inside of my left trouser leg and down the back of my legs and trousers.

I just didn't say a word and thankfully as it had been snowing earlier, the ground was already wet and no puddle formed.

Having got to the toilets I just went to a urinal and stood there pretending to pee. "Just made it but that was close." I told Reg and if he had twigged that I had wet myself he was good enough not to say anything to embarrass me. I had a very uncomfortable walk and bus ride home and I could smell my pee stained clothes. Even my socks and trainers were wet! But I managed to keep the whole incident a secret ...until now.

&&

*002*2023-01-07 17:15

{{1 minute ago, Uniee said:

Oooo that is great story.... love both football and rugby, and luckily that's one of the places where the gents queue is bigger..

Worst I've had is on a freezing cold day my hands were nearly to numb to get trousers down in time.. knickers were more than a little wet...

}}

Yes I often feel sorry for women at these events because their queues are so much longer. My ex wife wet her knickers in a similar situation.

