Sleeping wet

Author: wetnessgold

*000*2016-11-24 01:15

Hello there, this week end I tried something new in relation with omorashi but it is maybe too much ^^'

So, Saturday I want to experiment with my omo fetish and have fun so I just kept drinking small quantities of water, orange juice, coffee and I even prepared some cocktails the plan was to:

- hold until before going to bed

- try to know if alcohol really interfere with my ability to keep control of my bladder (I really have no tolerance for alcohol beverage I remember when I was younger I just drank one glass and I felt like the world was turning around me)

And well the day went on like any other Saturday with just a little remainder from my bladder from time to time until maybe 8 PM when my bladder was really reaching its limits, it's also at this moment that I drank my cocktails and well they made their effect quickly, I was really feeling "happy" and careless, I went on youtube watch some youtubers I like and funny videos, until suddenly I felt like I was going to lose control I jumped from my chair, began dancing (it was little bit more difficult with alcohol) and finally I just gave up and relax completely, warm wetness traveling down my legs darkening my jeans soaking my panties. Maybe because of the alcohol I didn't felt as arouse as I use to when I let my pee flow from my crotch to my ankles but I mainly felt the relaxation, in fact even before I finished I just sat down on the floor (not in my pee puddle one step aside) I just wanted to lie down and sleep.

But I just stood up went to the bathroom to take a towel to clean my pee puddle, I also watch myself in the mirror, I really like seeing myself in wet jeans! I just throw the towel on the puddle and stood still thinking what to do now. The warmth feeling had fade away but it wasn't cold yet so I decide to make it cool down faster (I really don't know why I did that) so I just put on a jacket and went to the front door I walked a few steps outside before returning inside and of course since it was night and it is winter my wet jeans felt even colder... I didn't liked it so I put myself near the radiator I felt my wet jeans legs, and butt, warming again. Once I felt nice again I just went to bed, nope I didn't change, I went to bed in my wet clothes I didn't care about the sheets!

And Sunday I woke up i felt that I wasn't wearing my pajama, I was wearing jeans and it felt like I sweat a lot from my lower body, and I remembered what I had done before going to bed. When I stood up from the bed I was shocked to see a great yellowing stain, by reflex I just felt my crotch and legs, they felt moist but not like if I had just peed in them a few moments ago, I don't know if I pissed myself just a little bit later I felt asleep or if it's just my pee that went from my pants to the sheets.

There was a slight pee smell so I chose to wash the sheets and then take a shower. When I went to bathroom and looked to myself in mirror I was a little bit disappointed that there was no evidence of my pee "accident" on my jeans just moistness when I touched them. I took them off to discover a yellow pissy stain just above the crotch of my white panties, and it was worse at the back, all of it had turned a little bit yellow! I just decided to shower the night to keep wearing my yellowing panties for the rest of the day, and I peed through them on the toilet every time I felt the need. I didn't spend the day in just panties (too much windows ) so I put on pantyhose and a skirt but after a few wetting I began to smell my peed panties even if they were covered by the skirt so I just shower myself with my panties on.

