Already leaking & filling up more - challenge my bladder ;)

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-01-03 04:05

My bladder was feeling a little full about half an hour ago, probably a 6.5/10, but because of my overactive bladder I'm prone to little leaks and spurts anywhere over a 5/10. Instead of using the toilet, I decided to put an absorbent pad in my underwear and take my dog for a walk (the ones I got for incontinence are really fluffy and feel so comfy, I imagine sort of like a diaper just not as bulky). I did this because I have to walk through the house from my front door to my room & have roomates. Unsurprisingly, when it came time to unlock the door I spurted into my pad a few times, and I've decided I'd like to tease my bladder some more.

Despite the leaks, I'm really not all that full yet, my bladder has definitely held much more. I poured myself a large glass of water (14 ounces - over a cup and a half) and I also have a half full glass of water on my desk from earlier, maybe just over half a cup. I'm planning to protect my bed and browse on here as I fill myself up further and see how long till I have an involuntary accident! I'm hoping to really get desperate, so bladder challenges are welcome!

Help me lose control and pee myself, its too much fun 🙂

*003*2023-01-03 04:10

{{1 minute ago, omoTboi said:

This sounds fun. Maybe grab one more cup of water just in case…

}}

Definitely smart, since once I get wet I won't want to go downstairs. How large of a glass are you thinking?

{{1 minute ago, brown4182004 said:

Its good to have you back! Happy New Year!

}}

Hey, you too!

*005*2023-01-03 04:19

{{7 minutes ago, omoTboi said:

A pretty big one… how much have you had to drink since you last went?

}}

I'm sitting at about a 6.5/10, haven't had much to drink but I have a pretty strong urge.

Okay I just had the half glass of water on my desk plus another half a cup of water when I went downstairs. Turns out I had a dish to wash and had to refill the water jug, which was TORTURE for my bladder. But I held through and didn't leak. Now I have the big 14 oz large glass plus a medium sized 8 oz glass.

*007*2023-01-03 04:23

{{Just now, omoTboi said:

At least as big as the other glass you poured. If that cup can fit more, then you should probably just fill it up

}}

I like your style... I did an 8 ounce glass to bring up with me and drank 6 ounces down in the kitchen - so total will be the same as the other

Almost done the big glass of water!! Can't wait for this to hit my bladder, its gonna be squirm city

*009*2023-01-03 04:27

{{Just now, talks2much said:

Sounds like a fun time @Wetlifter37

🙂 have you still go the pad in your underwear?

Have you found anything fun while browsing here?

}}

I do... I'm actually debating if I want to take it out or not. I could leave it in and wait to soak through it, which could be fun, on the other hand I'll have leaks on my jeans sooner if I take it out

Actually yeah my favourite story on here is The Omorashi Missionary, don't know if you've read it but its fantastic

I'm done the big glass! Should I:

A) wait for that to hit my bladder first and maybe massage it/listen to rain sounds

B) start in on the second glass of water

*012*2023-01-03 04:32

{{Just now, talks2much said:

Cool, maybe taking it out and making a little wet patch in your jeans would be fun?

I haven't seen that one, will go and check it out!

}}

Definitely sounds tempting, should I leak on purpose or do you guys have any challenges to help me along with that wet patch?

*016*2023-01-03 04:43

Hmm... a tough compromise. I'll settle for encouraging a leak, but no letting out anything on purpose. I'm gonna try some jumping jacks and gently pressing on my bladder to coax it to let go a little

*018*2023-01-03 04:46

I'm surprisingly not that desperate yet, but I did only finish the big glass not quite 20 minutes ago so its probably still hitting my bladder. Do you guys think I should drink more?

*022*2023-01-03 04:55

{{8 minutes ago, omoTboi said:

If you leak you have to take a swig of water at least as much as you let go

}}

I love this idea! I just had a tiny leak, so like a good girl I'm sipping 🙂

I'm definitely starting to feel more desperate now, I'd say 7.5/10. If I wasn't sitting down and safe in my room I'd be peeing my pants for sure by now.

Many of you seem to think I should have more water - should I have another sip? half of my second glass? what are we thinking? I'm not having the full second glass yet because I can feel my bladder rapidly filling from the first big glass right now

