Desperate and holding almost 24 hours (pic)

Author: Wetaj

*000*2020-07-26 11:28

I’m so desperate it hurts. It’s 6:30 am and I haven’t peed since I woke up around 8:30 yesterday morning. My panties are damp from leaking. I’m trying not to let go. I’ve never had an involuntary accident before. I don’t know if my body will let go involuntarily or not. I’m waiting to see how long it takes to get to that point. My bladder is starting to hurt. I love the feeling of being so full.

{{6 minutes ago, Wetaj said:

}}

*001*2020-07-26 12:40

{{1 hour ago, Wetaj said: }}

It’s now 7:40am and I still haven’t let go or had a legit accident but I’ve leaked more. I can’t feel myself leaking btw. Here’s another pic.

&&

*003*2020-07-26 13:33

I’m not sure how I’ve held for so long. I didn’t drink much water yesterday. I slept a lot bc I didn’t feel good so I’m sure that’s part of it. It’s now 8:30 and I still haven’t lost control or let go but I feel like I’m getting close. I’m doing the pee pee dance in the kitchen. I have another bottle of water I’m working on to try to add to the desperation.

*004*2020-07-26 14:08

It’s 9:05am and I finally started losing control and dripping on the kitchen floor. I’ve been able to regain control from each spurt. I wiped up my mess on the floor. I went outside in the rain and sat in a lawn chair that is already wet so it won’t matter if I get it wetter. Still haven’t had a full on accident yet.

*005*2020-07-26 14:29

9:25am I got cold and came inside about 5 minutes ago. Each spurt is getting a little longer but still able to regain control each time. I’m now standing on my towel in the kitchen. Not that it’s doing much good. I’ll have to mop the floor when I’m done. I’ve gotten some relief but still very desperate. Still trying to hold on and not deliberately let go. It’s making me very horny!

9:30am I finally had to give in and go to the bathroom and let go bc I felt the need to go #2 and I’m not into messing in my pants. Very disappointing but it was my first legitimate “accident” so that part made me happy, just wish it hadn’t taken so long. The pain was beginning to become unbearable!

*008*2020-07-30 02:51

Squirm pee pee dance hold myself, distract myself with my phone.

*011*2020-08-02 16:06

Not more difficult at all

