I PEED OUTSIDE FOR THE FIRST TIME (KINDA)

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2021-08-09 21:50

Ok so, like the title suggests, I peed outside for the first time ever!!!!! but I did not just pop a squat somewhere. it was through my swimsuit in the water. But this is still a HUGE thing for me. Im 29 and have NEVER been able to do this in my life!

So, got to enjoy the weekend on a lake with some friends and the other day we took the boat out onto the water with a cooler full of drinks! As you can imagine when drinking alcoholic beverages on a warm day, your going to need to pee. and gosh did I ever!! i started to need to go really badly but couldnt go no matter how hard I tried so I just put up with it and kept drinking, and trying to pee, and drinking some more. Well after a long time its my bladder is noticeably full and would have been super obvious if we werent in 4ft of water. well it got to the point where my sides began to hurt. I was so uncomfortable i wasnt even paying attention to the conversations. so i kinda waded over away from the group because i HAD to pee or i might actually hurt myself.

I felt my bladder get a wave of urgency and then it happened. the only way I can describe it is like putting Mentos in a Coke bottle. it just EXPLODED out of me at full force. I was in a half squat in the water and I could feel the jet of pee go thru my swimsuit and go all the way down by my knees!!! I nearly wanted to orgasm from the relief but i had to keep a straight face being around people. This went on for what felt like forever before it finally stopped.

Sadly this was the one and only "outside pee" I could do the entire weekend. I just held it the other times as my bladder still locks up so nothing has changed, which is fine by me as I dont really ever want to pee outside haha

Anyway ask away if you want some more details :) still proud of myself for being able to do it!

*002*2021-08-12 23:04

{{On 8/9/2021 at 9:33 PM, TheSenatesOmo said:

I'd love to hear some of the times where you maybe had nowhere to go except outside but it wouldn't come out... if you're willing to share. I'd prefer if it you be as detailed as you can

}}

Well i'v never actually "popped a squat" before. I am WAYY not brave enough to do that. lol. I would just hold it. I plan on posting more stories eventually, I just dont log into here too often.

*008*2021-08-14 14:47

{{19 hours ago, liesjeversteven said:

I can simply not imagine not being able to pop a squat. I've been doing that all my life since I was little. I still do quite often. It has saved me from many an accident. I also don't see what's so different about it than peeing in a toilet. Peeing is peeing and if you need to go you need to go.

}}

I grew up in a city and was told the whole "girls dont pee outside" thing. Had that drilled into my head as a kid and its kinda stuck with me even today >.<

*015*2024-12-10 22:27

{{19 hours ago, hunter_makoy said:

I guess that's the main question I have to ask is has your inability to just "pop a squat" ever led to an accident?

}}

Nope never.

