Close call with lactose intolerancy (warning: messing desperation)

Author: WellofSouls

*000*2023-04-27 02:34

Hey all,

Just wanted to share a tale of mine when I was about 18/19.

I was out with my friends one evening, where we had decided to go see a movie and then grab dinner. I honestly can't remember what I ate at the dinner, but this was in the early stages of when I developed my lactose intolerancy, so it must have been something with dairy in it that led to my upcoming debacle.

Once we had finished dinner, one of my friends said he could give a bunch of us a ride home since we all lived in the same section of neighborhoods. As we got into the car and started to head off, I could feel a great deal of pressure building up in my stomach and started to give me really bad cramps. In time these cramps would pass, but as the drive when on, the waves of pain and pressure would keep building, to the point of me starting to sweat and worrying about legitimately having an accident.

We eventually got to our end of town, some 15mins later or so, and I was in full panic mode. All my friends in the car were chatting and joking around, where all I was thinking about was holding in what was brewing and trying not to soil myself infront of my friends. Eventually I had to make an executive decision; I knew if I stayed in the car and waited until they dropped me off AT my house, I was certainly going to mess my pants. So, passing by a street that was close to mine, I told the driver to let me out there and I would make my way home on foot. The hardest part of doing this was so as not to let my friends know of my predicament but convincing enough that they would agree to it. Nevertheless, I got out of the car and started to make my way home.

This decision wasn't just a logistical choice in the end, but also very strategic, as in the event that I didn't poop my pants, at least it would just be me and nobody else. That being said, the walk home was AGONIZING. The waves of pressure kept rolling in and receding, each time making me stop for a moment to struggle to hold on to control, each time (through sheer will power) being able to do so.

Finally making it home, I hurried inside of the house, feeling that even with all the willpower in the world, I wouldn't be able to hold back anymore. I dashed inside quickly, making my way to the bathroom on the main floor as the worst cramp hit me. Feeling that the inevitable was about to happen, I entered the bathroom, quickly shut the door, and tore down my pants just as my control began to give way. With literally no time to spare, I was able to make it to the toilet and averted completely messing myself. To be more exact; if there was somebody in the bathroom at that time, or the door to the house wouldn't open as it did, the end of this story would have been MUCH different.

From there on, I have been much more cautious about the food I eat and the proximity to the nearest bathroom so as to not have a repeat.

Anywho, hope you liked my tale!

*004*2023-05-04 11:23

{{On 4/28/2023 at 4:01 PM, Messy Missy said:

First things first, this is adorable, and really well written!

I feel you on the lactose intolerance. I haven't been able to have consequence-free dairy since I was pretty young, so at least it didn't jump me like that, but pretty much every time that I've had a close call with messing it's been because I went "Dang, I'm out of Lactaid, but a [delicious, dairy-filled food/drink] sounds really good right now" and then paid for it later. For me, the worst is when it doesn't really hit me until hours later—I get to think that I'm fine and get complacent, and then my stomach goes splorch and my drive to work becomes a drive to the nearest gas station.

Glad to hear that you've got a system figured out, though; I crave things with dairy and I've pretty much always been like this, I can't imagine how much it'd suck to lose out on having them after 18 years!

(Also, have you ever tried goat milk? I've had a lot of luck with that not causing a reaction recently.)

}}

Sorry to hear that you are a fellow lactose intolerant individual. Yeah, it sucked when that suddenly happened but I was able to get it managed before I had any real embarrassing incidents 😅 I use lactaid nowadays as well and, so long as I take my pill, I am generally fine.

As for goats milk, I have never tried it but will either go with just regular lactose free milk or use some sort of plant based milk like coconut or almond, depending on the situation.

Thanks for the feedback on my story as well. Really appreciate it ☺️

