Completely soaked in public

Author: wettinggayboy

*000*2018-08-27 07:26

So for a little bit of background, I’m a fairly short guy (5’7”), lean, young. I’m 25, and this wetting was not planned. It happened about a week ago. (If you guys hear me referencing my dick I’m post op bottom surgery so I consider myself to have the same anatomy as a cisgender guy)

My day started out pretty normally, waking up and doing my normal morning routine. I was meant to go out with friends later for dinner and a movie, so I went to run errands first. Coming back home, I had been hydrating a lot that day, so I had already peed twice (in the toilet ? ). However I continued to hydrate throughout the day, and I didn’t plan to do a hold that night, so before leaving I peed once again.

At dinner I drank soda (since I don’t drink alcohol), but both are known as natural diuretics so by the time I got to the movie I could feel the need to pee. It wasn’t pressing so I thought I could hold it for the movie and go afterwards (spoiler: I couldn’t).

I was wearing a pair of tommy hilfiger boxer briefs and black jeans over them.

Throughout the first half of the movie I could feel my need worsen, but it still wasn’t urgent, so I did my best to ignore it. However, after about an hour in my desperation shot from a 6/10 to an 8/10 in about a minute. All of a sudden I was shaking, holding, and my mind went straight to thinking about peeing. But I didn’t get up — because 1. the movie was good, and 2. it turned me on to know I was desperate and no one else knew. I held on and in the next 15 minutes my desperation rose again to a 9/10, now I was constantly clutching my dick, I could feel the pee at the tip of my dick threatening to come out. All of a sudden a spurt of pee, however small, came out and burst into my underwear. It wasn’t noticeable but I knew I only had about 15 minutes until I was done for.

However, the movie was supposed to be only an hour and a half and so I thought I could hold on for those 15 minutes and then be fine.

Five minutes later, after sweating and shaking, another spurt unexpectedly came out of my dick and into my pants, spreading warmth throughout my underwear. I clutched my dick, stopping the stream after about three seconds, but now I knew I had about five minutes. I could see the faint glistening of pee in a tennis ball sized spot on my pants.

I clutched my dick for dear life, hoping the movie would wrap up, but in the next minute two more long spurts came out, the spot on my pants growing to the size of a dinner plate. I knew I was screwed. I had waited too long, and if I stood up I would completely wet myself. Even so, I knew I had to go to the restroom or I’d wet myself in my seat.

I squeezed my dick hard, and stood up, feeling it leak bit by bit, almost a tiny steady stream as I rushed down the steps and out of the doors of the theater. My pee came in waves, rushing harder for a second at a time, and I sprinted to the bathroom.

I rushed into a stall, full on wetting myself at this point as pee poured out of my dick and into my pants. I struggled (hard) to undo my belt as I had already been peeing full force into my pants for about five seconds. My pants were drenched and I pulled out my still pissing dick, spurting everywhere before aiming it into the toilet.

After peeing for about another minute, I checked out the damage. It was BAD. Even with the black pants, the glistening made it evident that I had wet myself everywhere from my waist to my knees.

However I was pretty horny at this point and came quickly before trying in vain to dry my pants, and leaving immediately without saying bye to my friends. I told them I had gotten sick in the bathroom and gone straight home.

As scary as this experience was, I find it pretty goddamn hot ?

