First post

Author: Wtb

*000*2017-07-03 12:59

So I've been on this site for quite some time, and I feel like I've needed to give back somehow. I have some stories so might as well share them

To start off, I've never wet myself, however I have come a little too close for comfort.

(Male) When I was six or seven the Cars movie had just come out in theaters, I was super excited to see it because, bring the guy that I am, I've loved racing and cars since I was born. We went in got the tickets and popcorn and soda, but for some reason I got an adult soda, I was happy with it though. We watched the movie and a little under 2 hours it was time to leave. I don't remember much here so I'll skip to the car. In the car I was bursting. My hands were deep in between my legs and I was squirming all around in my seat.

My parents asked me the usual questions you get when you see a movie, but I couldn't answer. I was too busy being focused on my need to use the bathroom. We were only 5-10 minutes away from home, but with all that soda and my young bladder, that wasn't going to happen. My dad pulled over behind some liquor store (it was late so it was closed) and allowed me to get out. There was a bunch of trees behind it so I stood next to the car and relieved myself. The rest of the ride was Way more comfortable. I still get a little embarrassed each time we drive past there though...

Like I said, I have many stories both of me and other people (other people being female), but I thought that I should share myself before I share others.

This will be the last one for this post.

(Male) When i was 13-14 years old I really wanted to pee outside since I had never got to do so since my interest in peeing rose. I still didn't know it was sexual because I didn't like sexual stuff then, it would be a couple years until I did realize. Anyway back to the story. Because I was so shy and worried about getting caught, I had devised a plan. I would drink a whole bunch during the day, wait out the night, and when early morning came, I could go outside behind my garage where the huge butterfly bush was and pee. At least that was the plan... the drinking was all fine, and the night started out fine. I knew I had a lot of hours to cover so I watched some YouTube. Around 10ish I was only a 3-4 on the desperation scale. Time started to move slower and my bladder started to fill faster. At 11 I couldn't sit still anymore so I stood up and moved my legs a bit. 

Around 12 I was reaching an 8 or 9 on the scale. I was holding myself tight and was in full potty dance mode. I knew that I wouldn't make it to morning and that this was my only chance. I rushed outside, ran behind the bush and let go. It felt so good to finally relax. Some got on my pants but I wasn't worried at that time. I don't know how long I was there but it felt like I was there forever and the stream wouldn't die down, it just kept going and going. Then I heard the door open. Luckily I was out of site from the door. My mom called out to see if I was out here. As fast as my panicked self could go, I cut off the stream, and ran to the house. I said that I was out there because "I couldn't sleep" (which was entirely true given my circumstances). I went back into bed because I was worried that if I used the bathroom, then she'd get suspicious. I slept off the rest of the night and once morning came around I could finally finish what I started the night before.

I hope these weren't too bad lol. This is my second time writing this because it signed me out and lost all my work, but I feel like this is a better version. ALSO, I you want to hear some of the other stories, I'll be more than happy to share (I just don't want to post them all in one go because no one wants to read a massive wall of text).

Thanks for reading!

