Took a walk outside and didn`t make it in time

Author: warmnights

*000*2024-04-28 16:33

Hi folks! It's my first time posting oc here after lurking for a while here and I decided to give something back to the community. I hope it works.

So a few days ago I drank lots of tea at work and a lot of water and cranberry juice at home to get really desperate. I allowed myself to let go into a measuring cup, but only 200ml, which didn't go to plan - the result was 450ml and a little accident just enough to get my undies wet and my jeans damp. Bad boy!

I drank some more after that and took a long walk in the neighbourhood until I felt desperate again. Then I made my way back home. No big problem at first but then I had to hold my crotch for a good part of that walk. The desperation level jumped from a 3/10 to a solid 9 in a couple of minutes.

Arriving at my apartment complex there's a stairway up to the 3rd floor. No elevator. Really not a good idea when you're already about to burst.

After I had turned my key I felt that urge become almost unbearable, so I ran to the kitchen to get the measuring cup again and ran to my bathroom. I didn't even have time to get my shoes or my coat off in time let alone my belt and tight jeans (I gained some weight in the last months).

It felt so good to relieve myself and to stay in the soaked clothes for the rest of the evening.

Pics or it didn't happen of course (after I took my shoes and coat off. Didn't want to spoil them more than necessary).

This is the aftermath - afterwards I stood standing there with a real accident and writing you these lines. I just hesitated to send it right away.

&&

&&

&&

*005*2024-05-09 18:07

{{On 4/30/2024 at 7:40 PM, Spectator9 said:

If you have been desperate once and immediately try to hold again, most often you'll find your control is worse. The advantage is that in a short period of time you get to experience all stages of urgency, including that orgasm-like moment when your control fails.

}}

Yes, that's what I really like about that rapid desperation stuff 😁🍻

