House to myself day 1: long hold

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-08-10 19:48

Today is day 1 of me having the house to myself and I've been unintentionally holding for a few hours now, can't remember exactly when I peed last but I think about 3 or so hours ago. I'm sitting at a good 6.5/10 and I've decided I want to hold as long as I can until I wet myself today. I'm gonna just keep going about my day normally and see how desperate I can get! Normally I can't really do something like that because I'm very prone to leaking and can't risk it around my roomates so let the desperation commence!

I'm feeling thirsty so I'm gonna have 10 oz of water, but I'll sip it slowly, not trying to lose control just yet! I'm also gonna make it carbonated water because I read recently that carbonation is a mild bladder irritant (basically increases your urge to pee apparently)

Damn I literally leaked a bit while pouring the water 😩 so much for my long hold lmao, I think I got a little too excited. It's all good though, its not even on the outside of my pants yet and I can still keep myself desperate and squirming all day even if I leak!

*002*2022-08-10 19:54

Overalls!

If anyone has some challenges for me I'm about to start some house work painting my cabinets, so I'll be standing on a ladder with no way to hold myself for the next while. Finished the 10 oz of carbonated water so now we wait for the squirms to hit!

*004*2022-08-10 20:00

{{2 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

How about coffee?!

I also love the idea of you wetting your panties but not your overalls and wearing them all day under your dry clothes

}}

Patience, that's my idea for my next free day. I don't know how to make my own coffee that tastes good lol so I'd have to go out to a coffee shop for that and I've already got a little wet patch on my butt...

I definitely underestimated how hard it would be to hold standing up/walking around the house since I'm so used to doing holds sitting down while browsing here/reading stories. I barely feel desperate and yet I keep leaking! I'm just gonna have to keep hydrating so I can fill my bladder more

*005*2022-08-10 20:05

Another 8 oz of water down. Hopefully I'll be absolutely bursting soon. I'm probably only at a 5 or 6 out of 10 now that I've had some leaks but I keep having the tiniest dribbles like my bladder just knows its allowed now so its letting go whenever

*008*2022-08-10 20:22

{{3 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

Or a walk around the block once you hit 8/9?

}}

I'd have to change into something dry cuz I've got some small but noticeable wet streaks down my crotch, butt, and the inside of my thighs now. But definitely a good idea. Gonna hold off on the coffee for now cuz I have things to do around the house, but if I'm not getting desperate enough I'll definitely have some more water

*010*2022-08-10 20:25

Walking around my house freely with a little wet patch is such a nice feeling 🙂

{{2 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

Why not just own the streaks and take a walk? That would be exhilarating

}}

Honestly totally would if I was in a neighbourhood where I didn't know anyone but I don't get off on embarassment and I do know some of my neighbours. I'd get more of a rush out of being wet and no one knowing

*013*2022-08-10 20:52

{{10 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

Try to let out three 1 second spurts and then you're not allowed to leak again until you have 1 more glass of water or something w caffeine

}}

Did it, 3 spurts nothing more. I've had 18 oz of water in the last half hour so I really should be a bit squirmier by now, with all I've let go I'd say I'm still only at a 6.5/10 urge wise. Gonna give it 15 minutes while I work on the cabinets and see what happens.

*014*2022-08-10 21:07

Finally feeling very squirmy! I'd say close to an 8 though my bladder isn't firm yet, but its very full, bulging a little, and since I can't hold myself while painting I have had a couple involuntary leaks despite trying not to.

*015*2022-08-10 21:17

&&

&&

&&

Last pic is after the 3 spurts, little wetter than the first.

*016*2022-08-10 21:28

No leaks for about 30 minutes now! Bladder is firm to the touch. I'm trying very hard to hold, which is being made harder by the fact that I have to spray water on the primer I'm applying and see it drip...

*017*2022-08-10 21:37

Just had a long leak, it ran down my legs a little, but we're holding on! Bladder's still firm, still feels like a 9/10

*018*2022-08-10 21:51

Just let it all loose on the kitchen floor cuz why not right?! Not something I normally get to do and it was great to see the puddle spread across the tile floor, it was huge. After quite a bit of cleanup, I'm still in my now soaked overalls and just downed another 14oz of water (half carbonated) so hopefully I'll be squirming again soon! Can't decide if I want to change into dry pants for my next wetting or stay in the overalls.

That was nearly a 6h hold (if you don't count the leaks lol) but that's pretty crazy for me, I normally have to pee every 3 hours or so. I think if I committed and didn't have a wet spot tempting me so early on I could probably hold a lot longer though.

*020*2022-08-10 21:59

Unfortunately they were getting a little cold so I settled for dry pants and keeping on my soaked undies underneath

*022*2022-08-10 22:58

{{20 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

Those pics are amazing!! How about you put the overalls back on once they've dried a bit? Rewetting stains are soooo sexy

How wet are the panties? Ma.. maaaayne we could see?

}}

I actually left the overalls in the sun to dry, you read my mind! Definitely very wet, I've kept them on the whole time so they've withstood 2 full bladders (in my overalls and on the toilet) and several leaks under my jeans now. Perhaps when I eventually take them off, whenever that ends up being

