A second sixth form accident.

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-01-27 15:36

So here it is the story of my second accident in Sixth Form.

I woke up on Friday morning with a banging head and running a bit late.

A gang of us from Sixth Form had been out in Bristol the night before and finished up drinking and dancing at Thekla.

Oh well, I downed a pint of Orange juice and dashed for my bus. A quick coffee in the six form common room and I was ready for my first class.


By the end of the class the drinks had gone right through me and I was bursting for a wee, I quickly gathered my things and dashed off to the nearest loo.

The toilet was packed full of year 7 and 8s laughing and being silly. I pushed through the crowd into the nearest stall.

As I hung my bag on the peg the floodgates opened, seconds later I was stood in a puddle of my own making.

I began to panic, I was stuck in a cubicle soaked from the waist down, my jeans were soaked and my new Adidas Gazelle trainers were ruined. I sat on the toilet seat feeling very sorry for myself.

After a few minutes the bell for end of break rang and the younger girls made their way out, the coast was clear for me to escape unseen.

Unfortunately luck wasn't on my side. Miss Aylesford my old PE teacher (who I kind of fancied) came in to check that no-one was hiding in the loos. She noticed the puddle that had spread under my door and demanded I open up.

I explained in a very small voice that I'd had an accident, Miss A insisted that I open the door. I'll always remember the suprise on her face when she realised that a sixth former had wet herself.

The next few minutes were a blur as she led me crying through the corridors to her office where she put a bin bag on the seat and made me wait while she called my mum at work and got her to collect me.

Mum wasn't at all happy about being dragged away from work to deal with her daughter wetting herself at school, she made me take off my wet jeans before letting me in the car to sit on yet another bin bag in just my knickers and t shirt.

When we got home mum made me do my own laundry and I got a huge lecture about being nearly 19 and how on earth I'd managed to wet myself twice in the last six months and what a big baby I was and how I'd had more accidents this year than my six year old little sister.

*005*2025-01-28 16:21

{{1 hour ago, Piano59 said:

Hi Katy,

Thank you so much for telling us this story. I can't help feeling sorry you were treated so harshly for a genuine accident that could happen to any of us at almost any time. Hope you had many more enjoyable nights out at the venue formerly known as "The Old Profanity Showboat" !

}}

Never heard it called that before! I had many a fun night there in my Bristol days.

I also loved going to gigs at the fleece although I actually had a drunken accident there, thank heavens for black jeans!

*007*2025-01-29 11:00

{{1 hour ago, Ian Newton said:

I'm sorry your Mum wasn't very understanding, but I feel the school could have handled it better. You were 18, and above the age of compulsory education. Surely they could have provided some lost property bottom wear and sent you home on your own. That seems the most logical solution.

}}

Possibly the school could have helped but I think my accident was quite unusual and realistically apart from some odds and ends of PE kit (bearing in mind it might have been an 11 or 12 year olds so would never have fitted me) there's not likely to be much in the way of lost property bottoms?

Have you ever lost your trousers 🤣?

I once lost a pair that I'd had an accident in but they were in a carrier bag I left on a bus 🙄

*011*2025-01-30 14:59

{{6 hours ago, tanin said:

Drunken accident looks interesting, could you please tell a little bit more about that? Black jeans are great piece of clothes!

}}

Not much to say really, I drank too many beers and was enjoying the gig too much.

I had an urgent need to pee, fought my way through the crowd and completely soaked my jeans in the corridor outside the ladies loos.

I got a taxi home sitting on my leather jacket to protect the seat.

*015*2025-02-08 08:48

@richardspanko

I posted it a while ago:

{{On 1/15/2025 at 1:40 PM, Wetkaty said:

I've posted about some of my recent experiences and had some lovely responses so I thought it was time I shared some of my earlier experiences.

This one goes back to when I was in Sixth Form (post secondary school education at the secondary school for the non Brits) back home in Bristol.

I was in my second year of sixth form and had celebrated my 18th birthday a couple of months before this accident.

A few of us had been to the pub at lunch time and I'd had a couple of pints before my afternoon Sociology class.

I didn't have time to pee before class and held those beers in for the whole double lesson!

As soon as class was over I made a beeline for the loo.

I made it to a cubicle with no problem or so I thought! As I went to undo my zipper I realised there was a problem, it was jammed!

Try as I might I couldn't undo the zip and and couldn't pull my jeans down.

I started to panic, there was no other option but to get the bus home and deal with my jeans there, hopefully half an hour more would be fine.

Well, 20 minutes into the journey I was bursting, and I'd done a couple of spurts in my knickers, there was loads of traffic. I decided to get off the bus a couple of stops early and try to run home.

I literally stepped down off the bus as the floodgates opened and I wet myself completely, so much that my pale pink jeans were almost red!

The walk of shame home was incredibly embarrassing but as I turned the corner to my street there was worse to come!

My mum was talking to a couple of neighbours in the garden and they all saw me a confident 18 year old woman shuffling along like a toddler with soaking wet trousers.

My mum was actually quite understanding (after her initial shock) and even ran me a nice bath and made my favourite dinner to try and cheer me up.

She wasn't quite so understanding a few months later when she had to leave work collect me from Sixth Form after another accident but I'll tell that story another time.

}}

