A Wet Walk in the Night

Author: Weird O

*000*2025-09-06 07:37

Hello everybody! It’s been a while since I last posted and tonight I had a night to myself so I decided to plan a wetting 😈.

My favorite method is always rapid desperation so that’s what I did today. I started at 7 and drank 250ml of water every hour while also going to the bathroom each time I needed to. At 10 I amped it to every 30 minutes. I had the urge almost instantaneously at this point and my pee was crystal clear! At 11 I finally amped it up every 15 minutes. I started my hold at midnight and decided to play some smash bros to pass the time. The need to pee hit pretty quickly but it was manageable. At the end of the hour the need to pee was finally getting there and I had to close my legs a lot and squirmmmm‼️. However this wasn’t easy at all and at the 1:15 when it was time to drink my water I finally felt myself leaking. From that point on I started leaking nonstop for the next 45 minutes. No matter how hard I held it kept on leaking and leaking and leaking❤️‍🩹.

My pants had a noticeable wet spot and finally at around 1:50 I had a huge wet crotch getting down to my upper thighs. These last 30 minutes was pure pee torture. I couldn’t focus on my game anymore and paced around the entire time while also leaking constantly and trying to fight the urge to let go early. My goal was to make it to the second hour and I finally reached it. My plan was to walk to my nearest park that has a bridge in the middle where you can walk under. I took a look at my pants before heading out at 2 and I pretty much already wet myself entirely. The nonstop leaks made it so big that it covered all the way to my thighs. Once I started walking I started to leak involuntary just by walking. I couldn’t feel myself releasing but I felt the warmth spreading quickly. I knew I had to start running and luckily I didn’t see anyone on my way to the park.

It is the middle of the night and I am using the cover of darkness to hide my wet pants 😝. Finally I reached the park and I walked under the bridge and once I finally stopped walking I started to relax my muscles. The pee shot out instantly into my pants tricking down my legs and thighs and ass. It felt AMAZING 🤩. I’ve never felt this good in a while. I continued to release my pee. Each drop felt like heaven on earth. While I was peeing I saw a couple cars drive on top of the bridge and I knew I had to get out of there now! I ran back to my house and I went to my shower. I felt the urge to pee again so I just released more into my pants because why not 😛. Now that brings us to here and I’m typing this up ready to shower and put all my clothes to wash. Here is a photo of my pants. I released a whole tsunami into my pants basically. Here enjoy! When will I wet again? Who knows but I want to have another one pretty soon 😇. Cheers!

&&

&&

