Tapas Yesterday

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-05-19 13:40

I was out with my friends yesterday for what was supposed to be a civilised lunch, Tapas and a cheeky glass of wine in a pub garden.

Fast forward two hours and we were deep into bottle number three, shrieking with laughter and drawing dirty looks from the tables of quiet couples and families around us.

I was wearing a floaty little summer dress for a change, pale yellow, thin straps and pockets, I love a dress with pockets and they would be prove to be very useful later.

It was the kind of thing you wear when you know you look good. I’d even matched it with cute ankle socks and my white trainers.

Underneath? Black La Perla lace knickers, because even sundresses deserve a little drama.

Lucy was halfway through telling us a filthy story about a date gone wrong in an Uber, too many hands and not enough seats when I felt it...

That sudden, sharp squeeze of my bladder making it very clear: you’ve waited too long.

I gasped. “I need to pee. Right now.”

Lucy smirked. “You always say that right before the punchline.”

“No, I really ...” But I was already up and making a beeline for the loo, my thighs clenched in full panic mode.

Too late.

Just as I entered the cubicle my body betrayed me, warmth poured down my legs like a switch had flipped. I stopped in shock as it soaked straight through my lace knickers, streamed down my calves, and pooled in my shoes. I could feel my socks absorbing it, useless little sponges.

Somehow, miraculously, the skirt of my dress escaped the damage as I stood in a puddle of shame.

“Kate?” came Lucy's voice through the door, all innocence.

“I didn’t make it.”

A pause. Then, “Toolate Kate strikes again!”

I groaned, peeled off my soaked knickers and socks, wrapped them in lots of toilet paper and stuffed them in my pocket.

Next I tried to rinse my shoes in the sink and just made it worse. And then, with no choice left, I stepped back out into the world.

No knickers. No socks. Just a swishy sundress, squeaky shoes, and a rapidly growing reputation.

The girls lost it. Jayne was doubled over. Lucy raised a glass. “To our fearless leader. Commando Kate: Strong of mind but weak of bladder!

I sat down gingerly, adjusting the dress, aware of every breeze, every shift in fabric. The teasing was merciless but affectionate.

It wasn’t the day I planned… but walking out of that pub later, dress swaying feeling slightly exposed but also slightly empowered I felt happy and content and for once not ashamed of myself and my accident.

Toolate Kate / Commando Kate. No knickers, no socks and no shame. Long may she reign!

*007*2025-05-20 13:05

{{8 minutes ago, Weteric said:

Love your stories. Next time your in London let me know, I'll be excited all day hoping to spot you... lol

}}

We were inside the M25 but quite far outside central in the South West.

I'm not giving any more clues than that and I'm not planning on returning to the scene of the crime any time soon!

*009*2025-05-20 13:50

{{31 minutes ago, Heloctre said:

A very funny accident. I’m glad to read that you felt much less ashamed this time 😉

}}

I think the fact that I wasn't wearing trousers so there was no big wet patch made a huge difference :-)

