Feeling so good from this orange juice rn

Author: wetting_fan

*000*2024-04-18 15:37

Had some orange juice this morning and it has me feeling soo good. I don't like to hold the juice itself, as it can be a bit irritating, but after it clears out the following hold just feels amazing. IYKYK, anyone else?

At work right now and planning to go after lunch then no more bathroom breaks until I'm home. I also have a virtual speed dating thing later tonight, heh maybe I'll see if I can keep it going during that, should make things a bit more interesting...

*002*2024-04-18 20:12

Quick update in that I have to go decently bad right now, last pee was around 12:30 and now it's 16:00. It's not bad bad though, just at a really nice place to be honest. It's really quiet at the office right now, so hopefully no one should be stopping over to chat. About to get a baja mountain dew from the vending machine to spice things up a bit, I want to be having to really concentrate on not having an accident by the time I leave here around 17:00. Then it's a quick drive home, the gym, then the online dating event.

My goal is to play hold it until the event is over, but tbh I'm not sure if I can even make it that long 😅. Either way, I'll be wetting in my work pants either before or after. Getting such naughty chills at the idea of having to hold myself off camera during the speeddates >< they will be 5 minutes each, and I'll be locked in for the full hour once it starts soo yea...

*004*2024-04-19 19:11

{{17 hours ago, univgirlkelsie said:

That's interesting. you're saying the orange juice does something to your bladder lining or something that makes the next hold super awesome?

If so, i wonder how that is. maybe i'll ask my physical therapist.

I have a similar experience with the hold, if i choose to ride it, immediately after i poop. my PT verified that there's science behind it, apparently a bowel movement puts muscles into place that leave people turned on afterwards, so if i can just hold my pee after my bowel movement it feels awesome

}}

Yea the acidity definitely irritates it a bit to where everything just seems a bit more fluttery after. Holding it as a guy supposedly can't feel nearly as good as when a woman holds it, but for me that twitchy feeling is really hot. Though a lot of my personal fantasies are about accidents and losing control, so that might be why I really like it. Interesting about keeping the hold going while having a poop, will have to try that sometime.

&&&&&&&&&&

*015*2024-04-27 14:56

{{21 hours ago, BB1BBB said:

I suspect there is a good biological answer to this, remembering that 90% of the clitoris is sub-dermal. A full bladder presses on the internal parts of the clitoris, thereby making you horny, whether you want to or not. Plus, surely rubbing the thighs together stimulates some women.

Men don't have the plumbing in the right places. Although we do get the magic of an involuntary erection to prevent us from leaking.

}}

{{9 hours ago, univgirlkelsie said:

Well i've definitely heard of dudes who get the stimulation from a full bladder and the feeling being good in itself, as well as having heightened orgasms for days afterward

}}

Exactly, as it gets fuller it just puts more pressure on those areas for women. I'm lowkey a bit jealous haha. It certainly feels good for me when I hold it and am in the mood, but I can imagine that it doesn't feel nearly as good as it does for women. I can't really confirm or deny the prostate thing, all I can say is that for me the pleasure is always at the lower part of my bladder and at the tip. It usually just gets more and more intense as I keep holding it, and yes the climax afterward is usually better than usual.

We'll each never know for sure lol, but just from experience in watching women hold it who have enjoyed it, they're definitely feeling something extra special, and that's just so hot to me lol.

