I failed a pee holding challenge I created for myself.
	The result was piss soaked jeans.
Author: wet_jeans_love

*000*2023-11-25 23:12

I created a three-hour-long pee holding challenge for myself. Here's how it works:

First hour: Drink a large glass of water/tea/soda every 15 minutes, but pee freely.

Second hour: Drink a large glass of water/tea/soda every 15 minutes, but hold.

Third hour: Just hold.

For context, I'm wearing tight blue boxer briefs and tight blue jeans.

Rules: I can't pee anywhere except for in my pants during the second/third hour. If I have an accident, I will need to stay in my pee soaked jeans until the three hours are up. I will also post this on omorashi.org (so if you're reading this, I failed lmao :P).

3:04: Just started the challenge. Finished a coke from lunch and took a couple big gulps of water to start off.

3:30: Finish my first water bottle, and started on a 22oz iced tea. Haven't peed yet.

3:55: Finished the 22oz iced tea, and peed for the first (and only) time. I have a feeling it won't be long before I have to go again...

4:00: Drank 6oz of a diet coke and refilled my water bottle. I'll slowly finish these by 5pm, then I'll be done drinking.

4:47: Finished all my drinks. I have a slight urge to pee, but nothing too bad. However, based on previous holds I've done,

I have a feeling the desperation will hit me like a truck pretty soon. Guess I'll have to wait and see.

5:18: Okay, I'm getting desperate now. Really don't think I'll last another 42 minutes. Maybe like 15-20?

5:30: Even more desperate. I think I will burst any minute, and then this whole site will know about my accident and how weak my bladder is.

5:40: Well, it happened. I completely lost control and soaked my jeans. Not just a single spurt, but it came out all at once.

I definitely failed the challenge! The front of my jeans are pretty much completely soaked with piss down to the ankles, and my backside is a little wet as well. I also made a little puddle on my floor. And now I have to type this in my piss soaked jeans until the challenge is over. So humiliating, ugh.

5:52: I just lost control again, this time while seated since I was typing this out. Now my crotch is even more soaked (not to mention my ass), and there's piss on my seat and all over the floor at this point. Great. On the bright side, I feel so relieved.

6:00: Finally, I can get out of these pee soaked jeans.

Overall, I liked the challenge. The mild humiliation (having to described my accident in detail and posting it here) made the accident seem real since I was genuinely trying to hold, but not so bad that I wouldn't go through with it. If you want to try the challenge yourself, or have some suggestions for modifications, lmk.

I'm also not daring enough to post pictures, but if there's a lot of interest, maybe that's something I'd do in the future.

