Today's Unintended Public Wetting

Author: wettingman

*000*2021-05-26 19:02

While some days I can hold it well held 780ml on Monday only letting go because it was distracting from what I needed to do. Plus as often happens my full bladder pressed on my bowls causing me to need to take care of that.

Then this morning I went walking with a rail trail group I regularly walk with. I knew that third cup of tea was a mistake ,but hey I can hold it again. We were about half way through our 1.2 mile one way walk when I felt the need to pee , nothing urgent though. Not only would stepping off the trail to pee not work because I was with people but there is no place on this trail to do so .However as I approached the porta potty I felt like I was about to leak. Unfortunately that leak started before I reach the potty ,and didn't stop. I peed in my pants until I got inside and was able to free myself. The result was the front and crotch of my jeans were obviously wet even onto my butt. I had no option but to rejoin the group for the walk back. I just acted like nothing was wrong and they did not seem to notice . I don't see how they could not know because I quickly broke from the group and rushed to the port a potty and returned with wet pants.

1.5 hours after my first accident I returned home needing to pee again .As I was unlocking the door and disarming the alarm my pee felt like it was going to come out again. As I got inside I started leaking again ,and could not stop. As a result my still wet pants could not absorb as much and I soaked my jeans down to my ankles. This is the result.

600PM -2 hours later edit Despite this morning's real accident(s) right now I am enjoying a nice hold. My bladder is pleasantly uncomfortable , but I don't feel much pressure in my penis, like a leak is threatening sitting here. Weird.

*003*2021-05-27 16:17

{{8 hours ago, Tellnoone said:

Nice story. I always wonder how I´d feel if I accidentily wet myself in a situation where I definitlily not intended to. As much as I love those embarrassing scenarios in my fantasies I think still my fetish enjoyment is dependant on control, the ability to choose when i want to lose control, or how visible it will be.

So, how did you feel about it?

}}

I enjoy losing control in a private setting. I have no desire to be embarrassed or to make people uncomfortable. IDK maybe they just thought old guy couldn't hold it. I was somewhat embarrassed but there was nothing I could do about it. If I noticed them looking at my crotch or if they said something -even whispering to each other I would feel differently . I don't think I blushed or anything. Public wetting, or even the risk of doing so, is definitely not something I would do intentionally.

As I said I have not held or intentionally wet in a long time because of prostate issues. I hoped the recent procedure fixed that , and to a point it has. My Dr. said my control would continue over the next couple of months . I have been doing kegels to help.

