Trying to beat my long hold record & going to bed desperate!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-01-06 03:15

I feel like I've lowkey been spamming this site this week - that's what a week off work in an omo mood will do for you but sorry to anyone who's sick of my posts haha.

Yesterday I had a lot of fun trying a 6 hour hold - the longest I've done, with much more gradual and moderate water intake than I normally do to hold. I think I had 22-24 ounces total yesterday.

Today I started drinking water 3 hours ago, and last peed 4.5 hours ago. I've had 20 ounces so far and barely have to pee yet. My goal is 7 hours from when I started drinking water, so 4 hours to go!

I'll update how it goes in a while

*001*2023-01-06 04:39

Sadly I just lost control, 4.5 hours after I started filling up and 6 hours since I last used the bathroom.

Tbh I was feeling pretty disappointed cuz it was a big involuntarily accident when I was focused on aiming for a long hold, but 6 hours since my last pee is still pretty good, especially since my bladder has been through the mill the past few days. Currently deciding if I'll refill and try to make it to the end of the time I set out for, or try again another time

*003*2023-01-06 04:45

{{5 minutes ago, FemDespLover94 said:

Yes refil for sure!

}}

Full bladders for the win. I'm gonna finish my water bottle to start (4-5 ounces left) and then pour myself 10 oz to sip on

*005*2023-01-06 04:46

I might try to go to bed somewhat full tonight (in about 3 h my time)

*007*2023-01-06 04:49

{{Just now, FemDespLover94 said:

I hope you wet the bed

}}

That would be exciting, and after 4 days of full bladder holds, I'd say its likely! Waking up extra full and holding my morning pee for a few hours would be really fun though

How's your hold going @FemDespLover94

? still dry?

*008*2023-01-06 04:59

I totally underestimated how much was left in my water bottle whoops, there was a lot still. I poured myself 10 ounces and I'm drinking that now

*009*2023-01-06 05:16

I'm excited to sleep with some fullness! I just finished my 10 ounces of water so I'm considering my hold as starting now, I'm gonna continue to fill for at least 2 hours before I try to sleep.

Haven't decided yet if I want to get myself bursting before I sleep and then let a little out before bed or just build up to something more moderate slowly. I'm gonna try to go to sleep 50-60% full

*010*2023-01-06 06:05

Just had another 8 ounces of water, so we're up to 18 ounces, 1 hour in. Still got an hour to hour and a half before I normally go to bed, this should be interesting

*011*2023-01-06 06:26

An hour and a half in and that 18 ounces is starting to hit me fast, we've moved from pleasant fullness to squirmy discomfort, but of courese thats an even better feeling so no complaints! My bladder feels pretty angry when I press it, not quite firm yet but I might be getting there.

This was fuller than I intended to be to go to bed, whoops

*012*2023-01-06 06:32

Also I'm not going to bed for an hour so its going to get worse🤭

*013*2023-01-06 06:45

Bladder is up to a 7 now with still at least 45 minutes to go until bed. My bladder is still squishy which (obviously) means there's more room in it, but its starting to bulge the tiniest bit.

*014*2023-01-06 07:03

I'm nearing an 8 now, my bladder is becoming firm to the touch and definitely bulging, idk how I'm gonna get to sleep like this! I'm definitely more desperate than I intended to get, but I said I would go to bed in a half hour so I'm gonna do that or wait until I get to an 8.5, whichever comes first.

*015*2023-01-06 08:13

I peed my pants! That was the fullest my bladder has been in a looonnnggg time and it was a fantastic piss! Felt like it lasted forever haha. It was very unexpected and involuntary so unfortunately I didn't have time to get any pics or videos but I was wearing a pair of tight grey athletic shorts. I'll have to try the going to bed with a full bladder thing some other time, although I think I might do best to stop around a 6/10 if I hope to be able to fall asleep🤣

*016*2023-01-06 08:33

{{1 minute ago, HereToStay said:

Wow, you‘re having a really good time lately, hm? 😉

Super jealous that I can't go on wetting myself for several days. But really happy for you. Enjoy!

}}

Haha, well I had 2 weeks off for christmas, one was spent with my family and now I'm home alone (apart from one roomate who doesn't bother me much) with not much to do during my second week off except omo play and enjoy my other hobbies

But it'll be back to normal adulting next week unfortunately

*019*2023-01-09 08:49

{{12 hours ago, GreenChile said:

Heeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyy don't forget the bed wetting sometimes 😁 I missed everything but I'm catching up

}}

Lol I tried, going to sleep desperate has proved very difficult for me lol

*021*2023-01-09 09:36

{{8 minutes ago, Uniee said:

Can't sleep or woke up wet ?

}}

No I'm too excited/antsy to fall asleep

