Peeing In The Shower

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-04-27 01:26

So this story doesn't strictly speaking involve wetting but it does involve desperation and involuntary urination. Which is close?

A million years ago I had just spent the night at a particular guy's place for the first time. In the morning he suggested that we have a shower together. I'm pretty sure I'd never had a shower with a guy before and thought that sounded pretty fun, so I agreed. We went into his bathroom and I got undressed, as in took my knickers off, while he turned the shower on and fiddled with the taps until the water was neither freezing nor scalding.

It was at approximately this point that I decided that I was dying to pee. As in can't-stand-still surging pressure desperate. Turning the shower on has always done that to me. Right from don't-need-to-pee to literally wetting myself in five seconds. I actually almost never pee in the shower anymore because I straight-up feel like I can't hang on long enough for the water to warm up.

Unfortunately in this particular house the toilet itself was in the same room as the shower. I wasn't keen on using the toilet in front on him and I was worried that he might not be keen on me doing that either. So I should tell him that I just need to do a quick wee and he would hopefully take the hint to leave the room right? Yep. Should have done that. Instead I was too embarrassed to say anything and I just decided to hold on. I think on some level I knew I was never going to be able to wait and I was only going to make things more awkward for myself by putting off acting. But we all procrastinate, even when we shouldn't.

We got in the shower and within thirty seconds it became clear that I was not going to be able to hold on. I was trying to make the fact the I could not stand still look natural, but yeah. It wasn't going well. I was absolutely going to wet myself within the next minute. Does it count as wetting yourself if you are naked and in the shower? What if you really don't want to pee and there is someone watching you? He wanted to kiss me and have a cuddle but I couldn't do that, I was on the very edge of losing control of my bladder. So I had to come up with something quick. I thought about trying to pee without him noticing but decided it was too risky and that he might notice and be upset/disgusted with me.

So I had to tell him that I was sorry but I had to get out so I could have a wee. I really didn't want to do that because we hadn't even been in the shower for a minute so it looked like I either couldn't plan or had no bladder control, which is embarrassing either way. He was surprised but said I could just go in the shower if I wanted to. Which I did want to. Very much wanted to. I'm not certain I'd have made it to the toilet if he hadn't said that. Which would have been humiliating. The moment he said I could pee in the shower my muscles let go. I stepped over to the drain and finished peeing there. He politely looked away. I was still a bit embarrassed and nervous after I had finished but he went back to kissing and cuddling me straight away so the whole thing ended up being a nothing much story.

*012*2017-05-07 03:05

{{5 hours ago, Fred46888 said:

Think of the millions of gallons of water that are wasted every day just to wash a little urine down the drain! If everyone emptied their bladders while showering, some of that could be saved. Additionally, "if it's yellow let it mellow" should be observed at least some of the time in most households, especially by males when no paper is involved.

}}

True true. Though there are bigger water savings on the table if more countries adopted mandatory dual flush toilets with Australian water usage requirements.

