First accident witnessed by wife/husband/partner

Author: wetskipants

*000*2019-10-10 13:32

I've been trying to think of a way of having a first "accident" in front of my wife, who has no idea about my love of wetting. I also don't have any feel for whether she could get into wetting fun.

I came up with a scenario to try. I could tie a ridiculously tight knot in the cord of my exercise pants and, when I get home one day busting to go, tell her I can't undo the knot and ask for her help. Before she has too much chance to undo the knot, I would pull away, saying "I can't hold it anymore" and either jump in the shower or sit on the toilet and flood my pants.

Question 1: Is this a good idea to "test the waters" and is a little bit of deception worthwhile? Or am I going down a wrong path?

Question 2: How did your wife/husband/partner discover your love of wetting?

I would love to hear your thoughts on both questions.

*005*2019-10-10 21:48

Thanks for all the input. Thinking it over ...

*007*2019-10-11 11:22

{{8 hours ago, PrincessPeeach said:

FWIW, I’d sooner just have my husband tell me then to pretend to have an accident.

Don't get me wrong, i fully understand how difficult it is to do that. My husband basically forced me to tell him what I was doing on my phone one day, so I did. It took me like an hour to get it out, but he was actually pretty low key about it. He was like ‘that’s it?!?!’ lol.

I think having an ‘accident’ might be alarming for your partner, especially if you’ve never been accident prone.

}}

Thanks, Princess Peeach. What you say makes a lot of sense.

Thanks, everyone. I've decided not to go ahead with the accident plan. Appreciate all of your thoughts.

*010*2019-10-13 05:35

{{20 hours ago, Helena said:

This is the way to do it! Just tell her upfront, but of course you choose time and place carefully. Remember that it is easier to talk if you are beside each other, eg in bed or sitting in a couch.

I know it’s difficult. It took me 13 years of marriage! But I have not regretted my decission a single second.

Now I wet my pants or bed whenever I want and is not judged for it. That’s freedom, and true love.

}}

Just got to 11 years so maybe only two to go?!? Thanks for your comment.

