Lost control while washing dishes

Author: WarmWinter

*000*2023-08-23 09:51

Hello!! This is my first time posting an experience here, I hope you enjoy 🙂

I had the house to myself tonight. Since I was alone, I spent most of the day wearing just a casual button up (only half buttoned) and underwear.

It was pretty late into the evening when I decided I could go for a hold. I started by having a cup of coffee, and a much larger cup of tea. The tea was decaf, as I was planning on sleeping eventually tonight lol, but both drinks tend to fill up my bladder in no time. I spent the next hour and a half gaming, finishing both drinks within the hour. My mind wasn't really on my bladder during this, I didn't even feel anything in that department. But as soon as I closed the game, with nothing distracting me, I suddenly realized I was at a 7/10 in terms of desperation. I could definitely feel the weight of my bladder, and I could not sit comfortably any more. Any normal person would be worrying about finding a toilet by now... But 7/10 wasn't enough to make me sweat just yet. I needed to speed things up.

So I started doing the dishes.

This began to send me a little. 7/10 would spike to something like 8.5. I was squirming. My legs were bouncing. It was a challenge, but in the end I finished the chore without any leaking, and as soon as I turned the tap off my bladder settled down.

I thought for a bit. I guess I needed to pass more time. I hadn't eaten anything for a few hours so I reheated some pasta and returned to my computer. Upon sitting down I realized that I had forgotten to wash the mugs I used for the coffee and tea I just drank, and I'd have to wash the bowl I was using to eat as well, and another cup from this morning lol, and the various spoons I used to stir each hot drink (I'm not the type of person to reuse mixing spoons for different drinks, I gotta have different spoons for each)... Anyway, my dish washing was not done yet. I figured after I eat and play my match, I'll return to the sink...

Only about 15 minutes went by...

The urge to pee was much stronger by the time my game finished. I closed everything, took all the dishes to the kitchen. I told myself I am NOT leaving this sink until all these dishes were cleaned. I turned the water on.

My bladder wailed.

I crossed my legs.

Deep exhale.

My hands were already wet so I didn't want to grab myself. Halfway through washing the first mug I leaked. I squeezed my thighs tighter. I leaked again. Tighter. Pee dripped down my legs. I collected myself (or so I thought) and continued washing. Another leak. I put the mug on the dish rack and started the next one. I then had a leak that sputtered for a few seconds. It splashed on the floor. I was making a small puddle already, my wet underwear wasn't gonna hold much of anything. Without thinking, I turned the tap off and stepped back. I paced around the kitchen trying to regain control without my hands. My wet feet left tracks of my steps.

A moment went by and I went back to the sink. I continued washing. I finished the next mug without incident. I started working on the bowl and the leak started again. I clenched. I continued to wipe the bowl with the dishrag. I leaked again. And again. And again. All of my muscles were tense. My legs were crossed, my wet thighs were tightly pressed together, I was squatting slightly lower with each leak. My forearms were digging into the edge of the sink. My legs were too busy to hold my weight, so I subconsciously started doing it with my arms on the counter. Despite all this, it wasn't enough to hold back. I tried to straighten up but I swear my underwear grew warmer with every inch I rose.

I looked at the rushing tap water. I looked at the bowl in my hands, still in the sink. I leaked as I put the soapy dishrag in the bowl. I leaked as I slowly wiped the side. I hung my head down. A three second stream ran down my legs. There was another stream as I put down the bowl and rag and reached for the faucet. My body involuntarily began lowering again. My bladder was about to give up. I turned the tap off.

The sound of rushing water was replaced by splashes on the kitchen floor. My pee ran a river down my smooth legs for the first few seconds, but the pressure of my release grew and began to pour straight from my underwear to the floor. It was... bliss. My legs were so weak I could have collapsed into my puddle, which was still growing. I was panting. My eyes were closed. My underwear and thighs had grown so hot. My pee was splashing on my feet and ankles.

This moment eventually came to an end. I don't even know if my bladder was fully empty, I just knew it was too tired to push. I finally opened my eyes. The puddle was massive. It didn't just pool below me, but it spread almost four feet backwards. I panicked when I realized that it had spread to a floor mat in front of the fridge. Thankfully the mat was dark, and my pee didn't smell very strong. I started moping up the mess as soon as I was able to walk properly with my tired legs and abdomen.

During my shower I realized this may be the perfect experience for my first real post on this site. I joined a long time ago, and I have many stories to share, but I suppose I'm either too shy or not in the writing mood. I'd start to write an omo experience and feel weird about it within the first few sentences since I'm not usually open to talking about this fetish outside of intimate partners. Luckily for you I'm riding a high from tonight's experience, and I just HAVE to share it.

That is all. Love you guys ❤️

