Hold and Wetting

Author: wetvitaly

*000*2018-08-23 07:14

I’m currently at my moms visiting with my sister before school starts again and I decided to do a hold. The first night was very relaxed and fun, and I had time alone to do my hold and be able to hide it if I wet myself. I drank two large cups of coffee, a cup of cranberry juice, and a tall glass of water before going outside and smoking pot. I began to feel very full very fast as I listened to music and felt the cold night air hit my skin.

After about an hour I decided to head inside and rest, but my mom asked me to feed her dogs so I agreed. Filling the food bull was hard with my bladder being so full that when I bent down to scoop up food, I spurted so hard in my panties that it went through my shorts and splashed my thigh. I moaned and held my crotch as I carefully bent down to fill the cup with more food.

My next task was

1. Bending down again to put the bowls on the ground, causing another spurt to soak my panties and fingers.

2. Filling the dog bowls with water.

I entered the kitchen, just within sight of my mom, and turned the sink on. I touched the warm water and pulled my hand away fast, not realizing my sister had just done the dishes. I let the water run to cool down and kept my hands firmly at my sides. Because my mom could see me, I couldn’t pee dance or hold myself. I was too embarrassed to show her how badly I had to go. I pressed my thighs together as my mom began speaking to me, watching me fill the bowls. My hands were shaking as I watched the water trickle into the bowl, causing ripples on the surface.

I squeezed my eyes shut tight, sweating now as I murmured in response to my mom talking to me. I pressed my thighs together even tighter and moaned softly, feeling the pee slowly leak out of my pussy and slowly run down my thighs. I didn’t want this wetting to happen here, in front of my mom, but I had no choice and panicked. The bowl began to overflow and spill onto my hand, and my bladder released, causing me to lurch my hips back and squeeze my thighs, groaning.

“What’s wrong?” My mom asked.

I couldn’t believe this was happening. “I’m having an accident.” I said through gritted teeth, knowing I couldn’t hide the obvious puddle forming at my feet in the kitchen.

“Run to the bathroom!” She cried, and I dropped the bowl, grabbed my crotch, and ran.

Only it got worse. My sister was using the bathroom and I was peeing myself. My clit was throbbing despite being slightly embarrassed. I knocked on the door, begging my sister to open it. She called back that she would be a minute and I let out a cry as I began peeing more. I wasn’t peeing full force, I still had slight control, but there was also a ton of liquid in my bladder.

I begged her to let me in, peeing through my fingers and soaking my socks. I quickly got up, realizing she wasn’t gonna open up. I was out of options, my body was against me and I had nowhere to pee. I spotted a basket of dirt laundry and quickly positioned myself over it, not bothering to move my already soaked panties as I let go full force onto the pile of old towels. I moaned as my aching bladder shot hot pee out of me, and I rubbed myself as I let go. It felt amazing, but I still had a puddle in the kitchen to clean up. My mom was now in the bathroom, so I quickly put the bowls down and cleaned the puddle before locking myself in my room.

That’s pretty much it. I didn’t mean to or want to wet in front of my mom, but I couldn’t help it. I didn’t think my bladder would go against me. Luckily she hasn’t mentioned it at all and my sister thought I was just getting sick.

