One day in summer

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2011-01-01 10:16

This happening take place about 3 years ago in warm summer day. I was decided to go swimming with my friends in the river nearby my home. It was near midday when we arrived in the swimming place, so we changed our swimming pants and go swimming. We have fun and time goes, we ended swimming and started to hang out in the beach.

We have a lot of drinks because day was so hot, i drank quite lot of liquid in that day so was my friens too. We have so much fun that we even noticed that clock was quite much, it was about 20.00 when we decided to go home,so i put my white shorts back on me and said my friends that we must come here again tomorrow because yhe day was so nice and the weather forecast has tell that next day will be as warm as today. They agreed that and they leave with their bikes and i started to walk home too, i was peed couple of time during that day but now i felt growing urge to pee again.

That urge of pee make me thinking of relief myself before i keep walking, but i was intrested about desperation and i was seeing vids where girls were desperate and wet themselves. I wasnt interested to wet myself but i think that it might be fun to test how long i could hold my pee and though that when urge grows too bad i would lower my shorts and pee. So i kept walking, i was walked about 1.5 km and i noticed that i should really go the pain and pressure in my bladder was nothing what i ever had feel. Something in my head still said to me that i could hold it and i was surprised i actually quite like the knowing that i could lose control in any time, it felt so forbidden.

The road was very quiet coyntry road and there was no pedestrians and no cars in that time, about 10 minutes past and i was really aware that i would lost it very soon. I know that i must relief myself but i didnt want to, i though in my mind that im so crazy and stupid cause i tried to do something like that no one could hold pee for ever. Anyway my urge was now in the point i couldnt even walk or i lost it, i tried to walk slowly out of the road that i could relief myself but when i took step i feel little burst of pee escaping. i was able to stop the peeing but it was torture. I look my shorts and i wasnt seeing any wet spots. yet. Now i was in the situation what i never think to be in, i know that i will wet myself its only matter of time.

In my mind i think that i cant be so stupid to drive myself in this kind of situation but there i was. Luckily the road was still quit and nobody could see me wetting of my pants. Then i bursted again and pee was coming fast i tried to stop it and i manage to stop peeing again. now i noticed that i have quite a big wet spots in shorts and i didnt have enough time think about it because my bladder was made its decision, the pee was flowing in my pants and i couldnt stop the stream again. i felt warmness and wetness in my pants and pee was flowing down in my legs. Pee just coming and coming i didnt even noticed i had drink so much, i look my shorts and they were all wet and soaked. finally the pee stream stopped and there was i 20 year old guy stooding in the middle of the road in wet pants.

Moment goes and i feel embarressed but not much, actually i feel quite good because of relief and exitement. I started to continue my walk to home and though that if someone ask me about my wet shorts i would tell him that i have my wet swimming pants under my shorts and thats why they are wet. I was couple of hundred meters away my home when i saw girl who lives in the same village with me, walking towards of me. When her was beside of me she asked (playfully) if i had an accident? and smile. i said i just have my wet swimming pants under my shorts, i couldnt help myself to flushing when i said that to her. she smiled and said "ok, that just like you really have accident and having an accident isnt nothing to shame". she told me and smile. i mumbling again something about swimming pants under my shorts and she told "ok ok i believe you". then we both continued our walk my head was so red that even firebrigades car could be jealous.

When i was home i really feel great about that day, even this kind of action wasnt in my mind in the morning when i wokw up. and what coming about that girl who saw me we came very close friends and she told me that when she saw me she know that i was peed my pants and told that she had and accident too when she was 18. but its another story in another time.. i hope you liked this story or should i call it remembering the one of the weirdest and greatest days in that summer.. So every comment is welcome about my story. thanks.

*002*2011-01-01 21:12

{{ 

Something similar happened to me a while ago. Of course I was still*cough* young *cough* (not making that mistake again) as I am now, it seemed a bit more acceptable in my mind. I purposely avoided using the bathroom and ended up walking down the hall to my room in wet boxers. I had to mop up the pee on the bathroom floor. I didn't have to lie about it cause no one found out and it was inside my own home.

I know how it feels to not get any replies on your stories/threads so I feel the need to post this. Forgot to mention it, but nice story. May wanna consider getting a grammar tcher though.

Sorry about my english. it isnt very good, because it isnt my mother tongue. i try to learn better english every day. and thanks for your comments.

}}

*005*2011-01-25 17:12

{{ 

This is an interesting story. I could tell you weren't a native speaker of English. Try not to feel too bad about the grammar. You'll get it.

I've never actually wet my pants in public, but I've had a few times were I got to the bathroom just in time and had to pee on the toilet with my panties still on because I didn't have time to pull them down before I had to pee.

}}

Thanks for commenting and welcome to the site.

