Delicious wetting accident in my overalls

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2022-09-10 23:31

I experienced one of my favorite most delicious accidents of all time today wearing these denim overalls, which I definitely want to get desperate in more. They seem great for causing genuine accidents because there's so many more steps to get them down than regular pants. I had some time to myself this weekend so I went for a hike on a desperate, firm, stretching bladder. The kind of super-full you can still feel after you let it out because it leaves you with a dull little ache and if you're lucky sometimes some leakiness. I enjoyed a lovely walk in the woods, each step jiggling my strained, tortured bladder. I had no intentions of turning around until I had an accident, but I also wasn't gonna make it easy on myself and just let go.

So I pressed on through some intense waves that made me hold myself until the telltale sign came - pelvic floor flutters. My favourite feeling. At that point I knew relief was imminent and kept walking, ready and excited to feel warm wetness explode into my pants at any moment. A leak or two came first, but I was still holding, squirming like crazy in damp undies as I walked. A few more desperate flutters and a leak that was harder to control, and my pee FINALLY came rushing out of me.

I stepped off trail and spread my legs blissfully to avoid wetting my shoes as I watched a torrent of pee waterfall across my thighs and onto the ground. It felt great and left a little puddle that started to run downwards as I was stood on a slight hill. I had brought a shirt to tie around my waist for the walk back, although my wet legs were certainly visible below the shirt too. Thankfully I picked a trail far away from my house and didn't pass too many people on the way back. I continued to let out little spurts the whole walk back just for fun (and also on the drive home since I protected the seats). I mean I was already soaked, why hold anything in? I took these pics when I got back after a little rewetting to make sure the stains were nice and fresh.

Hope you guys enjoy this as much as I did. Oh, and yes, I was leaking a little later. Getting super full and holding it for a while always gets me 🙂

*007*2022-09-14 08:17

{{On 9/11/2022 at 8:52 AM, HereToStay said:

Thats really hot. 😍😍

Also a huge fan of wet walks outside in nature.

}}

Nature wettings are my fav 🙂

*009*2022-09-15 06:22

{{21 hours ago, HereToStay said:

I know Your recent bike story also inspired me. See here:

$/81037-wetting-fun-on-my-bike-vidpics/

}}

Love to see it! Wetting while mountain biking is incredibly fun. The jostling and bumpiness on a full bladder before you start to let it out is incredible too

*012*2022-09-23 08:59

{{On 9/21/2022 at 7:36 PM, wetting_fan said:

If you really liked this, which it sounds like you did lol, you should totally try wetting in overall snowpants. Wear a few layers and get superr desperate, plus no one will know but you

}}

I've done this! Snowpants are one of my favourites, they're discreet and the padded feeling is comfy and absorbs well. I've never tried/been into diapers but I imagine that's what people like about them

