The way home

Author: Wet-Robert

*000*2024-01-06 15:10

Soooo,

This happened a few years back. I left the country for 3 weeks for vacation, traveling by plane. Back in my country, but still in the airport I was thirsty due to the dry cabin air. I bought a water bottle and emptied it on the way to the car-park, after stowing my luggage I went to the toilet, like your supposed to do. I mean, there were about 2hr of driving my car back to my hometown.

Back in my car, I started the engine left the airport perimeter and entered the highway. I was still thirsty but luckily I have an "emergency energy drink" in my car. I wanted to take my time, but while focusing on the road the can was empty in no time. I had no worries there are a lot of Rest-areas on the way.

Half way through my ride, some of the fluids reached my lower part, maybe it was on a 7 out of 10. A Road-Sign appeared and stated that the next pee-option is in 5KM. No problem so far. I reached in no time, while exiting my car the need increased but not to much. With a bit of fidgeting I entered the toilet block, of course it was dirty as hell. But luckily I have a Penis and could pee without the need to sit down.

I continued my journey without a problem until the last 25 min or so. I started to feel a need again, which in my body language means about 6/10. Beeing so close to home, I passed a rest area without stopping, still thinking about the dirty last one. But of course I had to happen, traffic hit just minutes after passing the stopping point. I was still moving, but so slow riding on my bike would probably be quicker.

While moving like a turtle my need drastically increased. The thought came to my mind, that first piss was from the coke I had on the plane and the energy/water combo started to hit my. Knowing that I drank I quite rapidly, I knew the need would also increase so fast. But I also new there are no more stops possible. I have to reach my home if I want my pants to stay dry.

I was still stuck in traffic, but I could see the culprit in the distance. Roadworks on the highway, of course with speed limits in place and over a distance of multiple kilometres. While entering the building area, my bladder entered 8/10 territory. I was in pain, feeling the pee right at the tip of my dick. I squeezed it constantly but still had to focus on the road. Which now had completely opened up and I could speed to my exit.

3 red traffic lights later I reached my home, parked my car like an asshole and booted into my shared apartment. Only problem my flatmate was in the bathroom. I was knocking on the door, screaming for release, he just said "give me a second". I potty danced like crazy, holding onto my penis for dear life.

I was on a 10/10 feeling for the first time, that my bladder was giving in without permission. The first drop leaked into my boxer. I opened my pants to be quicker, when this god damn door opens. The spurts started to come more often and forming into a stream. I slowly started to piss into my hand, while the door finally opened.

I hobbled into the bath as quick es possible, shut the door and let myself fall onto the toilet without even trying to remove my boxer shorts. The moan I led out was probably heard in the next street. It felt orgasmic to finally relief myself, although I lost the battle a little bit.

