A VERY close call

Author: Whpwhp

*000*2020-02-29 23:33

So i have always been a massive fan of omorashi since as long as i can remember and i really enjoy thinking back to this experience sometimes to get me into the mood.

So i was about 15 at the time (slim guy, dark brown hair and eyes) and i decided to do a hold (regular stuff.)

I planned it so that no body would be in the house when i did the hold and drank a lot in the morning. My older sister however left like 2 hours later then planned and decided to spend the latter hour of that talking to me about random shit. I conversed with her to speed up the time as my bladder was getting increasingly full and i didnt want to have to ruin the hold by going to the toilet prematurely. I held out however and she left. As soon as the door closed i ran up to my room and enjoyed the feeling of being desperate. (the main thing for me is the inevitability of wetting, like no matter how hard you try you still end up wetting. non of that staged stuff where they choose to pee) I ended up getting very very desperate and was about to move to the bathroom to continue the hold when i heard the front door open.

My sister had came back in and i heard her shout "Forgot my purse" She then proceeded to collect her purse whilst i was trapped in my room (i really didnt want to pee on my floor as its carpeted and there is no hiding the stain) she took agessss XD i was in my room desperately grabbing my penis and writhing about on my bed trying not to let any out. I failed. I felt an urge come along and i grabbed my penis really hard but the urge made my entire body try and push the pee out. It started just coming out as a very small stream into my pants and jeans.

I heard my sister leave her room only to go to the bathroom and i was on the verge of completely wetting. I remember more urges coming and going and leaking over and over again until she left. I raced to the bathroom peeing full force into my jeans along the way and managed to not get any on the carpets. I did however completely flood the bathroom floor. I remember feeling so shaky and also completely relieved. At the time i remember the panic and desperation not to wet myself and when i think about it now i would give anything to feel that again (not that i appreiciated it at the time XD)

I really want to find this again some day hope you guys enjoyed.

