Having Not Wet For Awhile I Get Overconfident

Author: wettingman

*000*2025-02-22 02:41

I have been prescribed a high dose diuretic 2X a day. I have been frustrated having to plan my day around that because the prescribed diuretic make me need to pee a lot.. Lately my control has been the best it has been in a long time. So I decided to risk it and went out to run some errands. I had to make 4 stops.

At the first stop only 20 minutes from home I already needed to pee probably 5/10 already. I was sure I would be fine Stops 2& 3 were uneventful but my need to pee obviously increased. By time I reached stop 4 , the biggest one grocery shopping I definitely had to pee 7/10. The diuretic was really kicking in my bladder felt full. I thought about going, but I have done well holding it so Ill challenge myself for a little fun . I had to go even more by time I left the store and considered peeing once more but it's only 10 minutes to home I can wait. I should know by now the medication can cause me to go from just needing to pee to about to leak urgency in only a few minutes.

I was okay driving home like usual. I have never had an pee accident in my car. But as soon as I got out of my car , the pressure at my pee hole became intense. My pee felt like it was going to come out. I wanted hold myself but since I was in front of my apartment building I decided not to. I took the first load inside and by tightening my sphincter the spasm relaxed. I only leaked a couple drops. Back in control i went out for the rest. Back inside I was okay at first so I decided to put things away l first like usual. A rule of bladder torture. Suddenly my full bladder spasmed again and that sharp sting at my pee hole returned. I had to go now 10/10. Before I could move I leaked a good sized spurt in my boxer briefs.

After briefly regaining control I started a slow steady stream that I couldn't stop I rushed to the bathroom and since I was slowly peeing just yanked my jeans down rather than mess with the zipper I aimed my already peeing penis and released. It gushed out hard. I took a couple after pix one of my jeans and another of my boxer briefs. My jeans are what I concider a small wetspot altjough higher than usual because I pulled them down while peeing. The wetness in my briefs is not small..They were quite wet . Time between peeing before leaving and arriving home about 2.5 hours. I am sill wearing the same clothes 3.5 hours later, they have mostly dried.

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2025-02-23 04:46

Yea and I still had a lot of pee inside.

*004*2025-02-23 14:33

I did. It could have been prevented by my just.going as soon as I got home, but I wanted to play. I enjoyed the sensation.

