Beach day desperate car wetting

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2024-07-21 23:35

Well yesterday I had dare #4 of the Summer Dares series (swimsuit wetting) happen to me completely unplanned!

I had planned a beach day with my friends. Unfortunately my closest friends live 3 hours drive from me so I drove to see them at a beach near them but slightly closer to me, a 2.5 hour drive away. I'm also an anxious driver and don't like to take major highways if I can avoid it. The one problem with driving the backroads though, is they don't have rest stops. I peed right before leaving the house and didn't think anything of it, 2.5 hours without peeing normally isn't an issue for me. What I hadn't taken into account though was the night before, I went out drinking.

I ALWAYS drink a big glass of water, or even 2, when I come home from going out, to make sure I don't get a hangover. And usually more water when I wake up. And I left for the beach within an hour of waking up, so all that water was probably still working through me. You'd think I might have realized this, but I just didn't. I left with an empty bladder so it just wasn't a thought.

About half an hour into the trip, I noticed a slight urge to pee. Maybe a 5/10. I was still in my city and could've found a business to use the washroom in at this point, but I didn't, because it felt very minor. Rookie move.

An hour or so into the trip, the urge was building and it crossed my mind that there was nowhere to stop. I was driving on country roads, many of which don't really have a shoulder even if I did want to pull over. Also I would've had to squat somewhere kind of out in the open... not exactly ideal.

"Okay, I'll hold it", I thought. I normally hold much better sitting down anyway, as for some reason I don't seem to get overactive bladder spasms when seated. I drove, and the urge built up slowly. It felt good of course, I love the feeling of being a little desperate, but it wasn't a great time. I was getting nervous about IF, not when, I would be able to find a place to relieve myself.

By an hour in I was at a 7/10 and getting concerned. I couldn't pee myself in the car, surely knowing that would help me hold it? I squirmed worriedly.

By an hour and a half in, I was at an 8.5/10. Bladder fully bulging, taking one hand of the wheel every so often to grab my crotch, rocking in my seat uncomfortably. It was starting to impact my focus a bit, which obviously isn't safe, so I made a plan to pull over. There was a corn field ahead, I decided I would wander a bit between the stalks of corn until I was safely hidden from the road and pop a squat. I mean, what else was I supposed to do?

I saw the corn field, put my turn signal on. My body started anticipating that I was going to get relief soon and the thought made my urge shoot up. Bang, 9/10, I could feel my bladder screaming and its bulge stretching against my waist, *hnnnnggee*😣

All of a sudden, I saw a bike ahead of me in my lane. Obviously road safety is priority #1, and in the moment that I moved out of the way to give the bicyclist room, diverting my focus away from holding, I felt my bladder release. Not even a leak or a spurt first, I was freely peeing myself, through my bathing suit bottoms, filling my white shorts, and forming a puddle on the seat of my car. I gave up on pulling over as there was no point now. My bladder had won

I just drove on, half in shock, half in relief, glancing down every few seconds at the literal puddle of pee I was sitting in. Because car seats slope down, the pee collected between my legs as an actual pool of liquid, sloshing a bit when I stopped at a light. I was undeniably turned on, I mean it looked and felt SO fucking hot. Both to lose control involuntarily and to find myself trapped, sitting in a puddle of my pee. But also I was VERY worried about the seats of my car.

What was lucky is I was on my way to the beach, so I had brought 2 towels, one to lay on the sand and one for drying off. Thankfully, I was able to soak up the vast majority of the piss puddle with one of the towels and left it on the seat for good measure as I kept driving in my soaked bathing suit bottoms and shorts. The truth is, I had not released anywhere near my full bladder, maybe 1/3 to half, as I had clenched up as soon as I could regain control to reduce the damage. Since I had been really desperate though, I still felt a significant amount of relief.

Naturally though, as I continued driving, the urge to pee stubbornly crept back up. Since I was now sitting on a towel and already in soaked shorts I felt a little braver. I couldn't get out of the car with a pee stain all over my crotch anyway, and my seat was well protected. I drove on, and let the urge build, which felt exciting and naughty especially in my soaked bottoms. Once I reached a 7.5/10, around the 2 hour mark, I pushed a little trial spurt out on purpose and felt it warm my crotch. Mm, it felt good, but also made my now desperation shoot up.

I obliged my bladder and released, a little stream couldn't hurt. I let pee flow in my shorts for just a few seconds. I checked the towel with my hand to make sure I didn't pee more than it could hold. All good. I rewarded myself by peeing for another few seconds. Ahh, sweet relief. I was back to a manageable 5.5/10. That would have to do for now.

As I drove I thought about how I would handle this with my friends. If I had been on the way to the beach by myself, I would've been having a blast. It was still a rush, but I was a bit stressed about hiding my accident. I decided on taking off my shorts before I got to the beach and wearing the other towel around my waist as I walked down to meet my friends. I truly thanked the omorashi gods that my bathing suit bottoms were dark with a colourful pattern, as I examined them before getting out of the car and there was no visible wet pattern, which was SO lucky.

By the time I arrived, my bladder felt slightly urgent again since it was never fully emptied, maybe a 6.5/10. I also noticed I had a mild case of wet-crotch-bladder - a phenomenon I've noticed where once my crotch is wet, whether from leaking pee or even swimming, its sometimes much harder to hold if I have to go. As a result I had a couple small dribbles sneak out as I was walking down to the beach. Whoops🤭

I went into the water right away when I got there and FINALLY got to unleash the rest of my bladder uninhibited through my swim bottoms and into the water, where no one would know. I also got to rinse away any tell tale smell before hanging out with my friends.

The rest of the beach day was great, and I blamed my lack of shorts on spilling coffee on them on the way there, which nobody seemed to doubt. Cleaning the seat of my car has been a hassle, so far I have used an enzyme cleaner for pet urine stains, double strength cleaning vinegar, and then rinsed with water. I'm lucky its summer because the seat dried fast in the sun. I think the pee smell is gone, although now it smells like vinegar lol. If anyone has any tips or suggestions about this I'm all ears!

*001*2024-07-21 23:43

I snapped this at a stop sign a minute or so after my wetting, just before mopping it up. The puddle was even bigger when it first happened!

&&

*003*2024-07-22 01:17

{{58 minutes ago, alleycat89 said:

Nice. Vehicle desperation is by far one of my favorite scenarios. I think because it can happen to anyone, at any time, and there are legitimately sometimes no solutions.

Most times in life if you're at the point where you're about to pee yourself, you can find someplace to hide, but in a vehicle this isn't the case, there are often other people around, and sometimes you just can't stop.

Two situations I was in:

#1 - I was coming back from a trip with a friend of mine and we had stopped for dinner. I got some coffee (mistake) and we ate and left. I used the bathroom before we left but about 30 minutes later my bladder was filled and screaming for relief. At this point we were at a point on the road where there were no services and really not anywhere to pull over to even pee on the side of the road. I felt my bladder getting more and more full and it was really hurting. I was enjoying it, but I was beginning to worry about what I was going to do. Finally we got into a town and stopped at the first gas station we saw. By now I was literally on the verge of pissing my pants. I got out of the car, hobbled into the gas station and asked where the bathroom was. "I'm sorry, sir, we don't have one".

I hobbled back to my car and explained to my friend. She asked if I was going to make it. I said what choice do I have? But there better be a bathroom at the next place we stop or I'm peeing in the parking lot. We went down the road about another mile and stopped at another gas station. Same result. By now I'm holding myself and seriously worried I'm going to piss myself in front of her. She asked if I wanted to pee in a cup. In hind sight, i really should have done that since she put it out in the open as something she was OK with, but I said no for some reason.

We kept driving down the road and I want to say it was a good 20 minutes until we got to an actual chain gas station with bathrooms. I managed to make it, but just barely. I had leaked a little bit in my underwear but nothing was visible.

#2 - Same friend and I were on a road trip, but this time it was her chance for extreme desperation. We were again driving through a very rural area and she said to me "Hey, before we get too much further from town can I pee somewhere?". Well, that would have been a good thing to ask 20 minutes ago. By now we were deep in the rural area and there was nothing around for probably another hour and a half. She played it off as she was fine, it was just precautionary. But as we drove it became very clear it was much more than that. At one point we hit construction traffic and had to stop for about 10 minutes. She was visibly pained and grinding her pussy into the car seat. She used terms like "bowling ball" and "I feel pregnant" to describe her bladder. She still told me things were fine. But as I kept an eye on her I saw her face grimace several times towards the end and she tensed up.

I knew exactly what that meant. We finally did make it to a restroom and she got in, but I honestly wonder from all the squirming and groaning if she made it dry.

}}

Wow thanks for sharing all this! I don't know if its my favourite type of desperation as it certainly was a pain to clean my seat. But it was very hot to experience and look back on. I'm really impressed you made it in the first story you shared!

Also "bowling ball" and "I feel pregnant"... wow, those are such omorashi descriptions haha

*005*2024-07-22 04:08

As I said with my last story, because its been a long time since I shared my experiences in this story format, please feel free to comment on what you liked or ask any questions!!

$

*008*2024-07-22 15:17

{{3 hours ago, Engima said:

What is this dare series that you speak of?

}}

Its the Weekly challenge summer game, organized by @Tellnoone! He posts a different dare every week for people to participate in, one of them was wetting in a swimsuit

*009*2024-07-22 15:35

Yesterday I recreated my car wetting of my swim bottoms + white shorts since I wasn't able to get any proper pics while driving. I will definitely have to start using these white shorts as a toilet more often as they became delightfully see-through!!

The pics of the swim bottoms were taken IMMEDIATELY after a thorough soaking, but as you can see, they show no wet pattern at all except on the inner lining that wouldn't be visible. Anyway, they'll be perfect for secret tinkling at the beach.

I also have a video I took that I would like to share but I'm working on editing it to make it short enough to share here/cropping out identifying details.

&&

&&

&&

&&

*010*2024-07-22 18:01

{{1 hour ago, Shaved Monkey said:

I really enjoy this scenario! The pics are so sexy!

}}

Thank you! I quite enjoyed it too

*012*2024-07-22 18:08

{{6 minutes ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

It was lovely to read, thanks so much for sharing

Thanks for the pics too, they're amazing as always

}}

I had a great time. Any questions or moments that stood out to you?

*015*2024-07-22 18:35

{{9 minutes ago, Cherylicious said:

A video would be good 😄

}}

It's coming

*021*2024-07-23 17:04

Alright y'all, videos of my recreated road trip accident, wearing the same bathing suit bottoms and white shorts! (same pee as the photo series above). I really overfilled my bladder for this to try and get as accurate as possible to the desperation I experienced in the car.

Video 1: the build-up, desperately adjusting the camera while my pee was about to burst out

6 sec.mp4

Video 2: showing off my bladder bulge, which was very considerable!

9 sec.mp4

Video 3: the wetting!! This is probably my favourite wetting video I've ever made. I love the pattern the pee spreads in, the way the white fabric turns see through and possibly my favourite is how you can actually see the water-level of pee at my crotch around 12 seconds in.

41 sec.mp4

*024*2024-07-23 17:28

{{1 minute ago, Alex_nb said:

Seeing the water-level is really amazing, as you pointed out!! 😍 It makes the whole thing very dynamical and it's cool to have a hint of what's going on inside 😅

Thanks a lot for sharing!!

}}

Right? I was so shocked to see that, and thought it was an amazing detail. Can't wait to wet these shorts again!!

