Zen flood

Author: wetskipants

*000*2020-12-22 13:07

I was in the mood for testing new boundaries this evening. I left for my late-night after-work walk with a moderately strong need to go. I'd only once before wet myself out in public - also on a night-time walk - but that just left me damp to the knees.

Tonight I was tempted to go further. With the help of some messages from a friend as I walked, I got over the nervousness and decided to make it a second time.

The first spurt was substantial - nothing major - that left the front of my black leggings with a wonderful large damp patch across the front. As I continued walking, the dampness cooled, making for a nice contrast with the mild summer night air.

The second spurt got away from me. It was supposed to be like the first but it continued for a few seconds longer. Maybe I secretly wanted it that way. My crotch was soaked and I felt a delicious trickle down the inside of both legs to my knees. Soon the dampness had spread right across the inside of my thighs. In fact I was now beyond damp; more soaked. The sensation was wonderful.

The streets were deserted so I had little to fear crossing paths with anyone. The only question was how far to go. My friend, who was receiving updates as I went, convinced me to give the full flood a go but I'm not a fan of pee-soaked shoes so I waited till I got back to my house. I took my shoes off at the bottom of the driveway and stood facing the street, which is a four-lane road so a bit busier than where the previous spurts had happened. It took me a while to summon the courage but finally it happened.

The flood poured into my pants and ran down my legs. As I hit peak flow, four cars approached. Had you asked me beforehand what would happen if that occurred, I would have said I would have instinctively stopped the flow and turned around so as not to be seen. But when I saw the cars approaching, I reached a sort of Zen frame of mind. I knew my black leggings would barely show anything despite the street light shining down and the drivers would be focusing on the road and wouldn't see the streaks of pee flowing along the footpath. So I kept peeing as they passed. Not a sneaky slow leak; a full-on, crotch-warming, leg-soaking torrent. And it felt amazing.

When there was nothing left, I was almost sad it was over. Then reality set in and I realised I had to perform a strategic clean-up without waking anybody or leaving pee footprints all through the house. But I look back and think that was a whole lot of fun.

Has anyone else done something like this. Would love to hear stories ...

