Strange Encounter

Author: WetDave

*000*2025-05-09 12:42

I had a rather strange experience recently.

First, a bit of background. There’s a young woman I known slightly that I see when I’m out with the dog. She’s maybe 19 or 20, quite attractive. I’ve seen her around the area for a few years now, she used to hang out with a bunch of other youths. But she would always say hi, and come to see the dog. I sensed that she wasn’t a very happy girl, maybe with a troubled home life I don’t know. I think she found some comfort in interacting with my dog so I would allow it. I know very little else about her, only a first name, I don’t know where she lives, her friends, relatives or anything. I don’t see her often, maybe once every couple of months.

Well last time I saw her I was sitting on a bench in the park with my dog and she came over and sat next to me. We talked a little bit, just inconsequential stuff, and she played with the dog a bit. Then she went quiet and I looked at her. She looked to me to be on the verge of tears. I asked if she was OK and she said she’d peed. She went on to tell me that she keeps pissing herself. She said that she often wears a Tena diaper for it.

I suggested that she should go and see a doctor. She didn’t say anything, we just sat in silence for a while then just talked other stuff for a bit while she petted my dog. We didn’t talk about the peeing again and I am not one to interfere so I said nothing more about it.

It all seemed a strange conversation to have with someone you hardly know.

When we got up to go, she give me a long tight hug and I told her to take care of herself.

I wouldn’t have known she’d peed if she hadn’t told me. She was wearing camo pants and you couldn’t really tell. I wonder if she was wearing them specifically to hide the wet patch if she peed.

The whole thing left me feeling quite sad and it’s been on my mind a bit since. I am not one for interfering in people’s lives, or giving unsolicited advice, but if I see her again I will take the time to stay and see if she wants to talk more.

*002*2025-05-10 18:22

{{32 minutes ago, Heloctre said:

Oh, it’s quite sad but there is perhaps something to be done to improve the situation.

The lines that follow are simply my opinion because only this girl knows what is good for her.

The advantage is that you "know" the field. For my part I think it might be good to talk about it with her. It can be stressful enough to impose yourself in people’s lives but if she has no one to talk to about her (shame? fear of judgment? ) it could do her good.

Empty her bag, receive friendly advice, feel accompanied without being judged, know that she is not alone.

Positive point, you can always ask for advice here. You are not alone.

This is a rather long text, I hope I have not made any gross mistakes because English is not my mother tongue.

}}

Thanks. I have the advantage of age - I’m more than old enough to be her father, and if she is lacking a father figure in her life that might explain why she was willing to talk to me about it before.

I don’t know her background but this is probably the poorest, most deprived area in my city, with a lot of homeless, drug-taking and broken families, so it is likely that she is not from a happy affluent family.

I will certainly listen if she wants to talk again when I next see her and I will encourage her to open up, and again steer her towards medical help.

*004*2025-05-17 05:58

{{6 hours ago, ilikeadultvids said:

If she was emotionally troubled, it could have caused her incontinence. There could be other issues where her peeing may have lead to abuse. It is possible that if there was a kind of assault, it could have caused physical trauma that lead to it. There could be any number of things and the sad thing is that they could all feed on one another. Unfortunately, we don't know what the cause of any of it is aside from our speculation. It does sound like she might need some help and possibly from multiple professionals. If she was being abused at home, hopefully she might find a good supportive group of friends who may be able to help her get the assistance she needs, but I fear for her safety.

}}

Thanks for your insight here. It had not occurred to me that she might actually be unsafe.

I have not seen her since I posted but if I do I will do my best to steer her towards professional help.

*006*2025-06-09 20:56

A very small update on this.

I’ve seen the young lady again a few times now - after not seeing her for ages I seem to keep running into her nearly every day. I’ve not brought up the wetting again and nor has she but I have learnt a bit more about her background and current situation. I’ve avoided quizzing her and just let her talk as she wants.

I will respect her privacy and not go into details but she’s OK. Her situation is not the best but she’s OK. She’s not in any danger at home, she lives on her own. She gets depressed, I think she drinks too much. She gets lonely and I’m not sure how much support network she has but I guess not much. I guess as an older guy she sees me as a bit of a father figure to talk to - she says I remind her of her uncle - plus she seems to get some comfort from being with my dog.

I will continue to make time to listen if she wants to talk but at least I am no longer as worried as I was after the comments above suggesting she might be at risk.

