Winter public wetting after 9 hour hold!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-12-16 22:11

This was my experience wetting myself outdoors in semi-public (secluded area) after holding my pee for over 9 hours straight! See my thread below for the rest of the hold experience!

$/95940-holding-my-pee-almost-9-hours/

As I left my house bundled in 2 tight pairs of pants one over the other, and a belt squeezing the life out of my bladder, I felt like a water balloon fit to burst. There was so much pee in my bladder I could feel my stomach stretched and distended into my belt, and the pressure was insane all through my stomach and below. God I was bursting, and leaving the house so splittingly full was such a thrill. I knew I couldn't make it back dry, and that was the point. I was going to wet myself in public. Whether in 2 steps or 10 minutes, I wasn't coming back until I wasn't dry. It was just a matter of time. It was dark, and this stretch where I was walking rarely saw anyone this late at night. As I continued walking, each step reminded me of the tight belt digging into my bladder. It was so intense, I shuddered. But I was so excited. I pee-danced as I walked, hardly able to stay upright. Not much longer.

Unable to resist as a desperate wave washed over me, I decided to let out a little leak. I was amazed at the feeling. Even after wetting my pants so many times over the years, after days where I leaked in my pants twice a day, this was different. It all stayed so close to my butt and crotch, held in place by the 2 tight pairs of pants. And the warmth against the cold night air was startlingly delicious, like taking a hot shower when you're freezing. I clenched up with difficulty, curious to see how long it would stay warm for. Two more steps and I was reminded of how desperate my need for relief was, especially already feeling my warm pee remaining against my crotch as I walked.

Another desperate wave washed over me, and almost doubled me over in pain and pleasure. This was it, I was going to let it all out. I stood to the side of the path and released. I could feel rivers of hot delicious pee sloooowly expanding outwards from my pee hole. This was very different to a usual wetting, where it flowed straight down my legs. The two tight layers of fabric kept all the pee wonderfully tight to my skin and it seemed to inch its way outwards up to my waistband, across my butt and down my thighs ever so slowly, trickling like I was pouring a hose over my pants even though I was pissing full force. Finally the pee began to run down my legs and splash into my shoes, a special perk of outdoor wettings.

As I felt my socks get saturated along with my pants, I noticed it. STEAM. It was cold outside, and the heat of my pee housed in my bladder for over 9 hours was steaming off my pants! I was amazed by the sheer volume of steam and how long it continued to float around my legs, a clear indication if anyone had passed by that "this girl is pissing her pants!" (although I'm rather glad that didn't happen). As I continued to walk, hoping to rewet, I was amazed how long the pants stayed warm in the cold air, again a testament to the 2 tight layers keeping the warm pee right against my body. 

In a few minutes the pants did get cold, so I decided to head back home, but not before someone did walk past me! I kept my cool, hoping the outer black pants weren't glistening too much with wetness as it was too cold to take my jacket off and cover my butt (or maybe I just didn't want to). Anyway, these pants were black, I told myself, no one could tell. I could very much be wrong as it was a massive soaking and this was maybe 2 minutes later! But I stood my ground and walked home in front of the guy very briefly, before carefully walking into my place and making sure my roommates were asleep! What an amazing experience.

*002*2023-12-17 12:19

Adding a comment on this to bump it to the top of my recent posts 🙂 I really enjoyed writing about this experience so I want people to be able to find it

*006*2023-12-24 06:57

{{On 12/17/2023 at 1:10 PM, ThreadbareOmo said:

Amazing, as always. 😉

And yes, the steam! Kind of an unexpected side effect, isn't it?

}}

Seriously I was kind of awestruck! I don't know why I was surprised, makes total sense having a hot liquid in a cold environment, but there was SO MUCH of it!

