After-effects day hold

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-08-03 22:06

So after drinking almost 2.7 litres of water yesterday over the course of a rapid desperation build and hold, my bladder is understandably tired and a little weakened today, which I thought would make for some great omo fun.

I wet myself again completely by accident last night which was thrilling and woke up with a super intense urge and dribbled a little on the way to the toilet.

In the last hour or so since deciding to hold again I've had 300ml of gatorade and literally about 10 minutes ago I just starting leaking little tiny dribbles totally unintentionally as I was walking around the house. I'm only at maybe a 6.5/10 urge so far.

I continued to feel warm spurts and drips throughout putting a mattress protector on my bed, and even after putting on dry underwear and shorts, since I thought that would make it easier to hold. I'm still determined to get my bladder up to bursting though and not lose control too early so I just drank another 350 ml of water

I'm open to challenges or hydration suggestions!

*003*2023-08-05 04:01

{{23 hours ago, SoakMe said:

I think you are already aware of the possible risks of extreme hydration and peeing. My only advice would be to quit immediately if you start to suffer from headaches or the general malaise that comes from washing vital minerals from your body. Until then, enjoy!

}}

I am always careful with these things, eating sodium/electrolyte rich foods after a hold or having gatorade rather than water towards the end are common practices of mine, even though I may not mention this in threads. My bladder is also not that strong that I risk causing damage by holding huge volumes for long periods. I always let go sooner or later once I get truly bursting, such that any bladder weakness afterwards only lasts a few hours.

{{On 8/3/2023 at 7:56 PM, talks2much said:

Wow, how are you going now, you must be busting already?

}}

Haha I've recovered by now, I forgot to update this but I think I peed myself less than a couple hours later 😝

*006*2023-08-15 19:39

{{On 8/6/2023 at 1:52 AM, dansdelit said:

I have suffered occasionally from gout in my foot, which can be extremely painful, and eventually discovered that dehydration will trigger it. It is caused by uric acid in the blood forming crystals in a damaged joint, as I understand it.

To avoid this I have been drinking at least 2 - 3 litres of water every day to prevent recurrence, with the side benefit of some desperation.

Checked on mineral / salts washout with the pharmacist who said that with a normal diet, 10 litres a day should present no problems, and supplements were unneccessary.

Be interested to know if anyone has science based knowledge on this subject

}}

Interesting, my gut instinct/what I've always heard would say 10 litres is a lot but it probably depends a lot on how long of a time period you drink it over. Enjoy your extra hydration and desperation!

*008*2023-08-15 21:19

{{4 minutes ago, wettingman said:

2-3 liters or a bit more seems fine. 10 liters sounds insane . You didn't say what your pharmacist was talking about you drinking 10 liters of , but 10 liters of water seems dangerous and would wash out mineral and salts. I would check with another medical expert.

}}

I'm inclined to agree with this.

