Field work fullness

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2025-05-19 16:14

Just thought I’d post a little update to share some full bladder fun I’ve been experiencing most days as part of my field work season this spring.

Our day consists of being out in the field for the first 3 hours of the morning, 2 hours before lunch, and then 3.5 to 4 hours in the afternoon. None of the times are terribly long to be horribly uncomfortable or at risk of an accident. But there are no bathrooms once we’re out in the field. Some days are hot and we’re drinking a lot of water.

When lunch is earlier and the afternoon is 4 hours, I have found myself very pleasantly full by the end of the day and sometimes having some bladder spasms. I’ll often arrive to the bathroom after those 4 hours verging on desperation and sporting a slight bladder bulge.

I’m not drinking enough to get purposefully desperate, just to stay hydrated, so I’ve been alright. But I have found myself really feeling full by the end of the day quite a few times which has been very enjoyable.

It’s a little thrill going for my last pee at lunch and setting out knowing there will be no opportunity for relief for 4 hours.

This past Friday, I forgot to pee at lunch and went almost 6 hours from mid morning without a piss. I was enjoying the fullness of course but by half an hour before the end of the day I had to embarrassingly ask my male coworker if I could find somewhere in the trees to go relieve myself as I was afraid of leaking.

If this schedule strengthens my bladder I’ll be grateful. In the meantime I’ll enjoy my full afternoons.

Here are two long end of day pees I recorded audio for - the second was in a porta-potty we happened upon because I was desperate close to the end of the day.

IMG_3629.mov

IMG_3590.mov

*002*2025-05-19 17:31

{{1 hour ago, KelsieAtUniv said:

Nice! would you ever record the holding/desperation at all?

}}

I’m not sure what you mean, like a pic of my bladder bulge or do you mean potty dancing in front of the toilet?

*004*2025-05-20 13:35

{{18 hours ago, empty2 said:

Have you ever wet your panties and put pants on over them?

}}

I’ve done that, but not at work, no. I wouldn’t risk the smell or potentially having a wet spot.

*011*2025-05-24 22:30

{{22 hours ago, DesperateJill said:

I think that the difference is that my job it was basically every day I was holding for 6 to 7 and I was spending at least 3 to 4 of those hours having to go noticeably bad and at least a couple of hours ready to explode.

}}

That sounds AWFUL. I genuinely don't think my overactive bladder could handle that, I'd be having to find places to squat or I'd be peeing myself at work, which obiously can't happen.

{{22 hours ago, DesperateJill said:

I know it's gonna make me sound like an evil bitch but it's good to see that somebody else is in a similar situation! Still not as bad though. I had to carefully monitor my liquid intake to make sure that I could make it through the day but even so by the time we got back to base I was ready to explode!

How many male versus female coworkers do you have? It's a lot worse when you are the only woman on the crew. Fieldwork really is definitely probably the worst female bladder situation job wise.

}}

Doesn't make you sound evil! Since its only 4 hours I actually quite enjoy it but there have been a few times I've needed to find a spot to squat. Unfortunately I'm salso the only woman on this team, although theyve been totally understanding the times I needed to find a spot to pee outdoors.

{{On 5/20/2025 at 1:16 PM, KelsieAtUniv said:

Dancing 🙂

}}

{{15 hours ago, Antispam said:

Both i guess , though sideview bulge pics nic3

}}

Hmm it would probably be hard to do at work but maybe sonetime!

*012*2025-05-24 22:35

{{13 hours ago, MikeB said:

Great that you enjoy your full afternoons.

Exciting that you went to the afternoon shift with your bladder full from the morning and to know that you didn’t get a chance to wee for hours until the end of the shift.

It must have been a great challenge for you and your bladder control must be great as well.

Did you tell your male coworker that you are desperate because have not weed since morning?

It must have been very arousing for him? Did you talk more about your full bladder with with him?

}}

Yes I do enjoy the fuller afternoons, though not peeing at lunch that time was an accident! Ironically - that could've caused one! My bladder control is honestly not that great, I think I've just been lucky that 4h isn't that long.

Nah I didn't discuss it with him, he's my coworker so that would be weird lol.

*017*2025-06-15 16:36

{{On 5/26/2025 at 3:32 AM, DespAndHold said:

Definitely situations where the gender divide is most present as I am sure your male co workers had no qualms peeing in bushes and didn’t feel the need to sheepishly let you know.

How bad does the situation need to get in order for you to admit you simply can’t wait and need to squat? Are you able to enjoy the relief or to self conscious knowing others are nearby?

}}

I usually wait till I’m at least starting to get desperate (7/10 or so) or have a little leak or 2 in the small bladder pads I wear. Then I’ll go off and find a spot. I do try to wait air out so I’m not off peeing all the time and because I quite enjoy the fullness (within reason at work).

I def enjoy the relief!! It’s usually pretty quiet where we are and I actually love peeing outside, getting to watch my stream is so fun.

*018*2025-06-15 17:07

{{On 5/26/2025 at 3:32 AM, DespAndHold said:

Definitely situations where the gender divide is most present as I am sure your male co workers had no qualms peeing in bushes and didn’t feel the need to sheepishly let you know.

How bad does the situation need to get in order for you to admit you simply can’t wait and need to squat? Are you able to enjoy the relief or to self conscious knowing others are nearby?

}}

Actually, I took a video recently of one such at-work piss in the bush.

Not a super long flow, I decided to go because I was rather spasmy that day and had already had a couple accidental spurts into my pad.

(that is my ass and my hand blocking in the corner btw lol).

Obviously I had nothing to wipe with so I just drip dried into my already damp pad, and I had to stay in it about 2 more hours till the end of the day!

IMG_4316.mov

*024*2025-06-18 14:17

{{On 6/15/2025 at 5:41 PM, OmObi said:

As fun as it is to see you wet yourself that outdoor piss is nice @Wetlifter37

}}

Thank you! I quite enjoy whenever I have to take a pee break out in the field, its really nice to get to watch my stream and see my pee puddle

{{On 6/15/2025 at 6:22 PM, DespAndHold said:

Loving that you could share that with us

And good you get to pee outside without being completely frantic. Being able to pee so quickly like that must make it a bit easier to sneak off quickly.

}}

What do you mean so quickly? Yeah we are out in the bush so usually its possible to find some place, sometimes I'm walking around a bit though to find somewhere both hidden from view and not covered in long grasses/poison ivy

