This Has Been The Best Day EVER

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2018-02-26 06:26

What a fucking day. What a day.

So I decided to tell Emily of my wetting fetish. It kind of happened accidentally.

So pretty much I had to pee. Really bad. I was drinking a lot of iced tea in class today, and well, by the time I got home, I was bursting. Emily drove us home, and on the car ride home, I was pressing my hand deep into my crotch. For some reason, as embarrassing as it is, I like wetting in front of Emily. I have so many feelings for her, and even though she sometimes gets angry with me when I do pee my pants, it turns me on even more. I can't describe it. But anyways, I told her on the ride home, "Em, I really need to pee. Please drive a little faster."

She gave me a suspicious look and stepped on it. We got home, and Emily said, "Okay, you're home. Go pee Molly." I started getting more aroused, and I said pretended to fumble with my seatbelt. I was gonna pee right there. I groaned obnoxiously at her. "Ugh...I don't think I'll make it..." I felt so dirty. I loved it. Emily got irritated, and pushed the seatbelt button. "Molly, go pee. If you piss in my car I'll be fumed. And hurry it up, I gotta pee too."

I really didn't have a choice at that point. I got out of the car and walked inside. I was wearing my skinny jeans that have the really tight buttons, and a belt. "Molly, hurry up!" Emily said as I walked slowly toward the bathroom. I shut the door. I didn't think I was gonna pee my pants directly in front of Emily. But I was already horny, so I kind of role played a little bit with myself. I acted like I was struggling to take off my belt and I was pretend-crying and acting desperate. No one was there to see it happen, but I like acting out scenarios like that, so. As I started to pee in my jeans (which came out like a fucking FIRE HYDRANT) Emily knocked on the door. She groaned and said, "Molly, come on! I'm bursting here! What's taking you so long?"

Now, Emily and I have known each other for a long time. We literally have no privacy together. So this didn't really come as a shocker to me, because this is part of our friendship and how we are with each other. Emily barged in the bathroom, shouting that she really had to go, and then stopped dead in her tracks to see me soaking myself and the floor. "Molly! Are you actually serious right now?"

She started shouting at me. I sat on the toilet, not letting her use the bathroom. I decided to just rip off the band-aid and tell her my confession. I told her how horny it makes me to pee myself. She stood there in the bathroom, legs crossed, listening carefully. "It's who I am...it's what gets me going. Sorry if you think I'm a freak for doing it, but it's who I am."

"Ugh, Molly, look, I don't really care, as long as it doesn't affect me and you clean up after yourself. It's kind of fucked up, but whatever. But I really gotta pee. Come on."

"That's the thing, Emily," I said. "As you know, I'm bi. But no guy or girl makes me as happy as I am then you. Like, I'm really attracted to you. There. I said it."

Emily took a deep breath and sat on the bathtub, legs crossed. "Molly, believe it or not, I'm bisexual too. I like sleeping with guys, like a lot, but I can't say that I haven't been attracted to you either. But I don't know what this has to do with your kink."

"Well, I really want to see you pee yourself." My face got red saying it. I started getting really embarrassed.

Emily got really silent. "Molly, come on, I need to pee. Can you just let me use the toilet? You can watch or whatever, but come on."

I cut my losses and stood up. I moved out of the way for Emily. She was wearing leggings. She started to drop her leggings, and stood there and stared at the floor. She looked over at me.

"I can't believe I'm about to do this..."

My heart pounded. "What?"

She stood there awkwardly, and soon enough, I saw pee dripping down her leggings. It dripped into the puddle that I left.

What happened after, if things weren't great enough...is even better. Let's just say things got steamy in the bathroom. Which then moved into the bedroom. And after we both finished up with each other, we started talking about what happened.

"Let's just keep this a secret for now between you and I," Emily said. "I feel really weird that I peed myself. But I did enjoy...you know. Everything else."

"You don't have to pee yourself if you don't have the fetish like I do. As long as you're okay with me wetting myself around here, the secret's safe with me."

So yeah. Things went amazing today. Simply the best day of my life so far. I saw my best-friend-crush pee herself, I no longer feel wrong for peeing in the house, I lost my F/F virginity, and Emily and I are now something.

Life is great.

