Losing a spurt a minute

Author: Wetgurl

*000*2018-10-29 16:57

Friday was a busy day at work. I hadn’t had time to pee and by mid-afternoon my bladder was full. My roommate had called to say she’d be out for the evening, so I knew I had the house to myself. I decided this was the perfect chance for some omo fun.

I started drinking extra water and by the time I was ready to leave for home, I was starting to get desperate. I stopped off into the restroom, not to pee, but to get a large pad of toilet paper to use as a make-shift diaper just in case. I usually don’t have a problem holding, but my car is pretty new and I’d rather not pee all over the seats.

I rolled up some toilet paper and put it into my panties. Then, set off for home. Depending on traffic, my commute is usually 30-45 minutes but I noticed that I needed to stop for gas. I decided to stop before I got onto the interstate.

I pulled up to the pump and leaned against the car while I filled up. I was desperate to pee and it was difficult to even stand still. There was a man filling up his car on the other side of the pump. He smiled at me. I suddenly got a very naughty thought, and wondered how difficult it would be to intentionally pee into my toilet paper pad with him looking at me.

As it turns out, not hard at all. Given my recent problems trying to intentionally pee my pants in public, this time I had no problem starting to go. Instead, I had a problem stopping the flow. I was worried that I’d let too much out and might have leaked a bit.

But, God, it felt so good to let some go.

He finished filling up first, and as he got into his car, I let another spurt go. The warmth spread out behind me, further saturating my “diaper”. I wondered how much more it would hold.

I finished filling up, and let go of one more spurt before I got into the car, but I was worried about sitting down and having it leak. I spread out a plastic grocery sack to hopefully protect any leaks. But, I sat down and somehow it was still all contained.

But, I still had to pee so badly. Worse now that i had given my aching bladder a bit of relief. I thought it might be fun to continue the intentional leaks, so I watched my clock. Every time it chanced a minute, I’d spurt a bit. Just a bit.

The first few spurts were easy to stop. But after 4 or 5, I found I’d have to put pressure over my pussy with my hand to stop the flow. My desperation was even greater now. My diaper was fully saturated, and wetness had begun to seep around my butt. I was very slowly peeing my pants, keeping them constantly warm and wet. The feeling was utterly fantastic, and it was all I could do it keep from letting it all go.

I was so absolutely bursting, that waiting a minute for a bit of relief was torture and I found myself counting down the seconds in my head until I could give my bladder a second of relief. Only, the relief ended up being torture when I had to stop the flow.

I managed to make it home without a full flood. I gingerly stepped out of the car and was surprised to see a puddle of pee in the plastic bag. I pretty much sprinted to the toilet, and sat down, fully peeing through my pants while sitting on the toilet. It was pure bliss.

