Almost wet myself doing deliveries

Author: Weather

*000*2022-10-27 13:25

I normally ignore any need to pee I have until I get home. I have a pretty good feel for my limits and I do a pretty good job at telling my bladder it has to wait until the end of the day.

At least, I did before.

About a month ago I started hormones. My t-blocker happens to be a diuretic. Also, I've been wearing more restrictive clothing. Things seemed to escalate almost out of my control yesterday.

I got a 20oz coffee before doing deliveries, and I had drank some juice ahead of time. I was wearing a form-fitting turtleneck sweater dress (nice thing about being slim and having a bit of a butt: having the confidence to wear form fitting clothes and kinda passing until someone stares a sec) and yoga pants, with layers under each and a skirt under the sweater dress.

First few hours were no big deal, started having to pee a couple hours in. That changed a little later though, and as I was on my way to drop something off at someone's apartment, I was squirming. I was kinda surprised, I didn't expect that to happen. For the first 15 minutes or so I was more annoyed than anything else, as my tights underneath everything were digging into my midsection a little, meaning both that I had a bladder bump and that where my tights ended was easily noticable to anyone who tried to look.

Things started becoming a problem at the apartment. I had my legs pressed together after stepping out of the car and would have been very obviously holding it if anyone was around to see. I did the delivery and then got back to the car.

Sitting down I realized I had to actually pee. This was non-negotiable. The city is generally friendly towards trans people, but there are parts where some people started treating me coldly and avoiding me right after I came out when they didn't before. I didn't know how this part was, and I also had never used a public bathroom since coming out except once at a unisex one at college. I looked up "public toilets" on my phone and drove to the nearest open one.

Drove up and saw that it was located in a preschool. Yeah, no. Why is that one even on google maps? Started driving to the next one. I felt a little bit of pee involuntarily start to escape me but I managed to clamp it down. I realized my lumbar support wasn't helping matters, and once I removed it from the chair, I went back down to just desperate.

Pulled into a park that was actually completely empty, which was nice. Parked, stepped out, headed towards the restrooms in a kind of fast walk. Stood in front of it for a sec, reminded myself I'm too desperate not to, and stepped into the ladies' room.

It was empty, but I was going to hurry up and try to be gone before anyone else arrives. The problem was it took a sec for me to disassemble my outfit enough, it took me a little bit to empty my bladder (not *really* long but longer than usual), and I had to do a little #2. All this while hovering because the toilet didn't actually have a seat.

As I was finishing my business, a woman stepped into the room. I got scared, but thankfully, she fairly quickly went into the furthest stall from me. I came out, washed my hands, and left. Heading back to the car I realized I had to adjust my outfit some more, but thankfully I saw no one on the walk back. My bladder bump being gone did help make it easier.

I then went back to doing deliveries, and I was able to hold the rest of the day's pee until I got home.

