When it all goes wrong

Author: wetvic

*000*2016-02-19 20:28

Back when I was in my late teens, I was still living at home and so had to be very careful about holding/wetting so I didn't arouse suspicion. I only ever wet when I knew I had the house to myself, and never did major holds ending in real desperation, just enough to enjoy the sensation. However one evening it all went horribly wrong.

It was just a typical evening, and I was sat in our lounge with my Mum and younger sisters, just chilling out watching the usual rubbish on TV. As was often the case, I had a nicely full bladder - enough that I could really feel it, but not enough to show any outward signs. I was nicely relaxed, unwinding after a long day, and enjoyin my secret pleasure. And then, taking a drink, I managed to choke a bit. I was coughing and spluttering for a few seconds, and I guess the jolting from my coughing fit caused my bladder to spasm a bit, coupled with the distraction and I just let go and totally wet myself. :( Right there, on the sofa, in front of my family!

I was absolutely mortified, it had been many years since I'd had any kind of accident, and they knew nothing of my interest in holding and wetting. I stood up and ran out of the room, my chinos absolutely drenched and a huge wet patch on the sofa. Mum was very concerned about me, but my sisters were filled with glee.

It did spoil my secret holdings a little bit for me, as I never really enjoyed even moderate holding in company after that, just in case.

