Afternoon rapid desperation :)

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-08-02 20:43

Decided a casual little afternoon rapid desperation would be fun, as I had a work-from-home day today.

From one of my previous threads: the concept of rapid desperation is to establish 'momentum' for your kidneys, so they become accustomed to working at full capacity, and when you start holding it's like trying to hit the brakes on a freight train; it will take your kidneys some time to slow back down again, and all the while you're trying to keep up with their output.

1. Build up time: once every half hour (starting now) I'm going to drink a 12 oz. cup of water, about 355*mL. I'm gonna do this for one hour. During this time you pee as much as you like to get your kidneys moving. (I'm gonna pee my undies on the toilet for this and try to also pee around every half hour - whenever I have a moderate urge).

2. The hour before the holding time, you start drinking one 12 oz/355*mL cup every 15 minutes. Keep peeing during this time (I'm gonna try to pee my undies every 15 minutes or whenever I have a slight urge).

3. In 2 hours, the hold begins, I must continue drinking said cups of water every 15 minutes but no more peeing! Countdown to desperation and/or pissed pants! 😛

I have had two 12 ounce glasses of water so far, at 1:00 and 1:30pm (its 1:45pm now) and peed undies once (on purpose) as I'm currently in the freely peeing build up stage. Here are my undies after the first wetting, I'll probably wet them again soon

*001*2023-08-02 20:50

&&

&&

*003*2023-08-02 20:59

Second wetting down! Time for my 3rd 12 ounce glass in 5 minutes as well.

Should I a) grab a new pair of underwear to wet for my next "free pees" or b) continue to soak these more

&&

&&

Change of sheets is because I put down a mattress protector

*005*2023-08-02 21:01

Today is laundry day so I have lots of pairs available to soak haha

*007*2023-08-02 21:03

Hour 2 starts now which means my hydrating ramps up to 12 ounces every 15 minutes, and I can pee my undies whenever I feel the urge for now.

*009*2023-08-02 21:05

{{Just now, Seifer69 said:

Stick to the one pair for now

After all, it's not like you can't wee more pairs for the rest of the day

}}

I'm going to be trying to hold once the build-time ends! I get to pee freely for the next hour only

{{1 minute ago, wettishfettish said:

Cute panties! Where did you find that brand, Lasenza?

}}

The la senza store I'm pretty sure haha

*011*2023-08-02 21:08

Already can feel the urge building up again and its been like 10 min since I peed! should I a) let out some spurts and then clench up b) hold for a few minutes until I'm a bit fuller c) let go freely in my undies

{{1 minute ago, Seifer69 said:

Wanna double your fluid intake?

}}

Of I would but this method already gets me hopelessly desperate, I want to have SOME chance of holding it once the holding period starts.

{{3 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

B! Continue to soak these more! There's something so incredibly sexy when you pee your panties, take them off, then put them back on again.. and then continue to get them dirtier and smellier! May I ask if they smell already?

}}

A little bit!

*013*2023-08-02 21:12

Gave myself some nice spurts on my mattress protector. It's almost time for my next drink, after that I think I'll fully wet again

{{Just now, Seifer69 said:

B hold it a little longer

It will hopefully weaken your muscles

}}

Good point, I do want that 😝 too late though. Also its time for drink #4

*015*2023-08-02 21:27

Okay 3rd pee and 4th drink down, here's the status of my underwear. Considering switching to a new pair though, variety is the spice of life

&&

&&

{{3 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

Have you ever done a self piss?

}}

What's that

*017*2023-08-02 21:29

{{14 minutes ago, Seifer69 said:

Wanna let it out in dribbles?

Rather than full speed?

}}

Tempting, I'll dribble for 3 seconds after my next drink, which is already now! the 15 minute drinking stage goes by so quick. I should be ready to wet again quite soon

The dribbles felt nice but now I'm definitely noticing I have to go more strongly. Drink #5 now

*019*2023-08-02 21:42

{{8 minutes ago, Seifer69 said:

Maybe you could wear a clean pair over the top of your wet knickers?

}}

Took you up on this, I wore a clean pair over the purple ones and peed through both. However I think for ease of sharing pics I'm just going to pee the new beige ones now

&&

&&

&&

&&

*021*2023-08-02 21:43

{{8 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

Keep the same pair on and see how smelly you can make them!

Self piss:

%https://www.xnxx.com/video-zzi3r62/flexible_petite_slut_giving_herself_a_mouth_and_piss_facial

}}

Yeah that's too messy rn, the hold time starts soon and I don't want to be soaked and getting cold for that

*022*2023-08-02 21:55

{{26 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

Keep the same pair on and see how smelly you can make them!

}}

Please respect my boundaries when I've said "this is what I'm going to do" if I'm not asking for input since it is my hold.

{{15 minutes ago, wettishfettish said:

Oh my GAWD this is so sexy!! I also see that there's more fluid there than just pee... 😍😍 So hot

Maybe for your last pee?

}}

Similar thing here... I said I didn't want to do that because it sounded messy and cold, please respect that.

