My First Girlfriend

Author: Wallywick

*000*2021-10-07 01:17

I dated my first girlfriend for over 3 years, through most of high school and briefly again one summer in college.

She was 5’2”, long dark hair, and “curvy”. (For some reason in the early 90’s girls didn’t develop boobs until after high school. Most of my classmates were very thin and fit. My girlfriend had DD’s since middle school. She was one of the only girls in the school above a C and I was damned proud to be with her!) We’ll call her Beth here.

I grew up near the shore, but Beth lived in an actual Shore Town. She and most of her friends worked at a local beach club in the summers and since I was her boyfriend I got in for free with her or whenever she was working. (Another perk!) As such, we had the run of the place and knew all the good hiding spots.

One of those spots was up among the dunes alllll the way at the north end of the club. There was a stream that came through town and out onto the beach where it ran into the ocean. That was the northern border of the club, right by the fences of a neighborhood of the next town. No one went that far from the club. Too far from the pool. And the snack bar.

And the bathroom.

Beth and I were pretty much each others’ first everythings. (She was a year older and had done hand stuff with the boy before me, but that was it) And since we were young and horny we did it a lot. Often, in the summer, in that spot in the dunes. Lay down a towel, make out, tan her glorious boobs, and eventually have sex a time or two.

Well, after one such session we were sitting on the towel, me in my trunks, her in a low cut black one piece, and she started to fidget.

“You ok?” I asked.

“Yeah. I just really have to pee now.”

“Go ahead!” I teased. This was the 90’s, pre-Internet, and we were sheltered private school kids whose sex education consisted of “DON’T” so we didn’t know of kinks or anything. The thought of peeing in front of each other was just plain silly.

“Ah! No!” She replied, like I expected. “I couldn’t!”

“Well, I mean, you could. It’s not like I haven’t seen down there already. I was just there!”

“That’s different! I can’t pee in front of you!” she shifted uncomfortably on the towel.

“Just dig a hole and pee in the sand”

“I couldn’t! I’d get sand all stuck on me.” She clenched her thighs and looked around. “I can’t walk all the way back.”

“So… sit on the edge of the creek.”

She glanced nervously at the cement gutter, water rushing through, splashing and running by. “I don’t know…” she was getting more desperate “I don’t want to get it all over me”

My mind was reeling, I didn’t know why but by now I really wanted to see her do it. She was right, it was different. I knew her body pretty well by that point, but I’d never seen her perform this most basic act. An intimacy that society had deemed too private even for sexual partners to share openly. I also knew if I was in her position I couldn’t squeeze out a drop if someone was watching me… so it was even more “naughty”.

“Ok,” I said, “squat on the edge, pull your suit to the side, and just go into the stream.”

She looked at the culvert again. Desperation was on her face. She didn’t have much choice. “Well…. But don’t watch!”

“Fine… I won’t watch. Just go!”

I turned my back and looked down at the sand, slooooowly turning my head so I could just see her in my peripheral. She was looking around, more frightened of getting caught than she ever was when we were totally naked fucking in the exact same place not a half hour prior. She was squatting, butt hanging over the edge of the cement drainage line, trying to concentrate. I took a chance and turned my head further to see. My hunch was correct and she had her eyes closed tight, shutting out the outside world. The breeze on her naked butt. The seagulls. The distant traffic. Concentrating on the sound of the ocean and the creek and relaxing her muscles enough to let go. A wisp of her bush was visible beneath her rump and I caught a glimpse in the sunlight at the stream that rushed forth from it. She moaned and exhaled hard in relief, a sound I had heard her make before, only the cause completely different than usual. I quickly looked away knowing she’d open her eyes and catch me peeking.

I looked back at the towel and tried to listen for the sound of her water meeting the creek and rushing to the sea, but I really couldn’t. But I was still holding tight to the sight of that stream gushing from the hair beneath her.

She approached me from behind and started to collect her stuff like nothing had happened.

“Feel better?”

“Yes. Much. I think I can walk back now.”

We grabbed our towel and stuff and walked back down the beach to the club. We never spoke of it again, though I have always remembered it.

(I still wonder why it never occurred to either of us to just go play in the ocean and she coulda peed there without saying anything. Maybe I’ll ask her sometime.)

*002*2021-10-07 18:59

{{12 hours ago, wetskipants said:

You were one lucky guy. I wonder if she would have ever graduated to pee play ...

}}

I was. We had a lot of fun, but none of it really fits the theme here, sadly.

She’s in the medical field now, and last we spoke she didn’t seem any more interested in bodily fluids. If anything she grew up and got married and boring.

Fun side note I recalled after telling that story… she went to college the year before me and had a roommate who (aside from being a cheating liar) was into it. She and her boyfriend would tell us about how they’d go in the bathroom together and she’d hold his penis while he peed. Apparently she tried holding it with her mouth (?!) and just ended up getting it all over the shared bathroom. At the time (remember, 90’s and sheltered) we were intrigued but kinda horrified. I was still hella pee-shy so that was never going to happen with us and she probably wouldn’t’ve done something like that herself anyway.

Oh well. I’ll go back to my good memories and handful of old pics.

