Introduction to Pee Play

Author: Warm Sub

*000*2016-10-20 20:23

I'm Warm Sub, and I want to share my experiences over the last week.

Let me start with a little about me. I am a submissive male and in to the BDSM scene, and I very much love power exchange. What is power exhange you ask? It is about letting someone else have power over you, taking away your ability to make decisions and making them for you. It might sound a little dull, but it can be very fun with the right people.

This is where my best friend, known as TopCat here, comes in. She discovered her pee fetish five years ago, but has had very little opportunity to explore it. She likes seeing people desperate and losing control, and also enjoys the thought of completely denying toilet access to people so they are perpetually desperate and squirming.

Over the last week we found we were a good match for play, and that has been an intense experience which you will soon discover.

Monday

It started late at night when we realised it was a good match. Shortly after she had me drinking 2 metric pints (40 oz) of water and a cup of tea. That hit me pretty quickly, and I was desperate to pee. But I was not allowed to use the toilet, oh no instead I was told to push and rub my bladder. The pressure was unbearable, but finally she allowed me to pee. In my bed. At this point I was so desperate I would have done anything to get relief.

I was only able to let out a few squirts due to a mental block, but the relief was amazing.

Tuesday

On Tuesday she decided I should be desperate at work. This involved drinking two cups of coffee at the start of the day and a glass of water every hour. I was only allowed to pee twice during hours. The pressure quickly became immense and every minute became a struggle against the call of nature. But I won.

After getting home she quickly had me drinking another 40 oz of water and a caffeinated tea. The pressure quickly mounted and it was unbearable. I could again only manage a few squirts in bed, but afterwards I fully drained myself in the shower.

The pain subsided. After this I was able to drain at a toilet, though after being so stretched I could not pee fully and had to wait for bladder to shrink. I couldn't get relief even when I tried.

Wednesday

Wednesday was again a tough day at work. One glass of water every hour and two bathroom breaks. I have been in an almost perpetual state of desperation, much to her joy.

Once getting home I was again consuming large amounts of liquid. At this point the mental block was much weaker, and I did a full bed wet. It felt amazing: the warmth, the release, the ability to just let go and release all my desperation, my mind was empty and focused purely on the relief at long last.. At this point I did not care any more, I wanted release and would have done anything and anywhere. I was mentally broken. I let it all out. I had precautions with towels, but it wasn't enough. I soaked my bed and had to sleep in it. But I didn't care, I had relief. Sweet sweet relief.

At this point I ordered diapers and disposable mattress pads in preparation for a weekend without a toilet.

Thursday

For Thursday I was about to urinate in the morning as usual, but she denied me. This was torture. I was awake at 6.30 am and not allowed to urinate until 9.20 am. I had also had a coffee expecting to be able to pee. The squirm was intense.

However, I held out until 12.30 pm - my lunch break. At this she decided I did not need a second bathroom break in one day and denied me a second release. I had been drinking a cup every 2 hours, and a strong coffee after leaving work (squirming very much). After getting home I drank 40 oz of water and a caffeinated tea.

As I write this I am squirming in a diaper and have not been allowed any form of release 9 hours later. I am swollen, stretched, in pain and I can barely move. I am full. Completely and utterly full. I am so desperate for release but am still denied. I am mentally broken again, but still not allowed to relieve in any way.

That's all up until this point. I hope you enjoyed reading about my experience and pure desperation I have endured. I have not been this desperate in my entire life. And TopCat has enjoyed every moment of it.

