My wetting day with the house to myself

Author: wetgarth

*000*2023-10-21 08:01

Well, starting the day as I mean to go on. It's going to be a "No Toilet" day today so thought I'd kick off with my morning pee in the shower. Should I keep these on or change and wet from dry for my next pee?

Wetting White In The Shower-1.mp4

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2023-10-21 09:15

{{52 minutes ago, GotaSecret said:

Oh, wow, that looked enjoyable! I vote for keep them on but maybe put on a pair of pants over them for next wetting?

}}

Thank you. Yes - I did - I will wear some jeans or something as I need to go out into the garage to fix a flat tyre on my bike. (but won't bother going to the toilet if I need to pee)

*003*2023-10-21 14:08

Well, after holding for quite a while, my pants & cargos just a proper soaking and sat in them as I type this and will upload the video shortly

&&

&&

*004*2023-10-21 14:55

Was holding and a bit and getting despirate

Need a pee.mp4

*005*2023-10-21 15:05

It wasn't long before the inevitable happend. Couldn't hold anymore but anyway was now in the mood to give my pants a good soaking - you can just about hear the hiss at times. It was very satisfying though 🙂

Needed to go in White pants and Cargos.mp4

*006*2023-10-21 15:31

Well barely 30 mins went after my last wetting before needing another pee so a re-wetting was the obvious thing to do. I could really feel the hot pee going down the inside of my legs and pooling in my trainers. Sat here posting this in my wet pants and enjoying my no-toilet day.

Rewetting The Cargos-1.mp4

*008*2023-10-21 15:50

Thank you, It's nice to be able to share my enjoyment with like minded people. My only concern is the white pants go a bit see through and don't wish to offend anyone here. I'll be keeping them on a bit longer yet, I want to enjoy wetting them some more before they go in the wash

*009*2023-10-21 19:26

So my 3rd re-wetting of these Cargos & pants. I must admit I hadn't expected my pee to pool the way that it did and also can here it dripping onto the floor towards the end lol

3rd re-wetting.mp4

*012*2023-10-21 22:18

{{2 minutes ago, GotaSecret said:

Lovely, all of it!

}}

Thank you

Glad people are enjoy my wettings I certainly do

*013*2023-10-22 03:05

Middle of the night and needing to pee

*015*2023-10-22 06:25

{{42 minutes ago, 40sleaker said:

Lovely stuff Garth, thank you. Male isn't usually my thing, but really well put together.

}}

Thanks - I know what you are saying and appreciate the sentiment

{{2 hours ago, pansyperks25 said:

Me too 🙈

}}

Aah but did you go in your pants? I did -(in the shower addmitedly) but sticking to my self inflicted "no-Toilet" rule 😂

*016*2023-10-22 09:35

{{5 hours ago, pansyperks25 said:

Me too 🙈

}}

This was my middle of the night pee in the shower in some Lycra sport shorts that I went to bed wearing. I didn't want to wet the bed as it wasn't protected.

Doesn't show up all that well but felt lovely

Lycra night pee in the shower.mp4

*018*2023-10-22 12:35

I'll have to wait till December but then I'll have whole week of the house to myself. The bed will defo get protected and won't be getting out to pee with lots of daytime wetting opportunities as well, I hope!

*020*2023-10-23 07:23

I do love to get away with a sneaky morning pee in my pants. I was up well before anyone else this morning so went into the utility room (hence the quality not so good as the lighting was poor- apologies for that)

I'm next to the washing machine and there are clothes in it ready to wash. So stood on some of the laundry and let my morning pee out in my pants.

Don't why but I love doing my monring pee in my pants as you can probably tell from some of my other posts.

Guess it'sbecause I've bee laid in bed thinking I need to pee for a while before I get up and let it go. Sat in them as I am posting this but will set the washing going shortly and no one wil know (except you guys !)

Sneaky morning pee.mp4

*022*2023-10-23 10:45

{{1 hour ago, GotaSecret said:

Great video, as usual! I, for some reason, really like the detail of standing on the laundry. Makes it feel very intentional but nonchalant, like, "I need to pee, and I'm gonna do laundry anyway so ... "

}}

Thank you, I am enjoying sharing my experiences with this kink. It was exactly like that. If I am in "that" mood, I would usually sneak out of the back door and wet my pants in the garden but it was cold and gloomy. As I knew there was a wash ready (I'd put it there), it seemed more sneaky and naughty to do it in the utility. I stood on a pile of clothes which all got put back in the washer and I set it going after my morning shower. No one else any wiser. Loved it!

*023*2023-10-23 12:52

{{19 hours ago, Cherylicious said:

@nonchalant

Pe is good actually. pee in your seat, while working, watching tv, etc.

}}

It's my favourite to be honest.

I really like just not going to the toilet to pee and letting it go deliberately in my pants whatever I am doing. Not only is it noncholant but enjoy every aspect. The feeling, watching the wet patch develop, how the feel of material changes and simply sitting in my wet pants.

I have always had a fantsy of chatting with a female and both just letting go in our clothes deliberately for each other to watch and enjoy.

