That time I forgot to pee at a bar!

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2024-01-09 22:08

Its been quite awhile since I have been on this site! I kind of forgot about it until recently since this was a site I signed up for during COVID and figured I would log in while the first winter snow of 2024 is coming down!

This story happened a few years ago, before the pandemic. so around 2019 timeframe so details may be kinda sparse unfortunately.

But back to the story, me and a bunch of friends went out to a trivia night that was happening at a local bar and we were having a blast since we were winning (totally not cheating.....) and was having drinks throughout the night. But all good things had to come to and end so it was time to head on home. I didnt drive of course, my friends husband drove us all and we all piled into their brand new (less than a year old) crossover. Well the second I got into their car and the key was turned my bladder started to scream at me!! See I made a mistake most people learn not to do years ago. I didnt pee before leaving the bar.

Not only that but I didnt pee the entire night!!! Dont ask me how but i was just the amount of drunk where I felt great and never felt the urge. Hell even everybody (both guys and girls of the group) else went before we left and I was closing out my tab and just stood around waiting for them like a drunk moron!

So we are in the car now and I have a VERY VERY full bladder. Fuck. ok whats a girl to do now? I didnt want to say anything since it would have been weird to ask them to wait for me because I forgot to pee, I know the guys would have made fun of me for sure! so I just decided to grit my teeth and hold it. It wasnt a long drive afteralll.

Well.....if we went right back to my place it would not have been. but remember we all carpooled to the bar. and I was the last on the list to get dropped off. now I am very self conscience about speaking up to pee, even more so now, especially when I was the only one to not go. So i kept quiet about it though I was panicking mentally. It got worse and worse by the minute. So bad that I had to jam my hand into my crotch and cross my legs. I didnt even talk to anyone the whole ride, just stared out the window. Which I think everyone figured was just because I was drunk. I wasnt to cry because my friend and her husband worked so hard to buy this car, I cant pee myself!!!

After NEARLY 45 FREAKING MINS we make it back to my house. Thank god!! so close! I say my goodbyes and stand up out of the car and it hits me! I nearly lose control all over my driveway! I had to double over and grab myself with both hands. I stopped it but omfg i had to go NOW!! I run to my front door, managed to get it unlocked and ran inside. I didnt even lock it behind me, I risked an intruder coming in just to get to the toilet!! I ran into the bathroom, closed the door, pulled down my pants and threw myself on the toilet as fast as i could!

Now heres where it gets even more embarrassing! My roommate stayed home that nigh. IIRC she had a flight at like 6 am so she heard me run through the house like a bull in a china shop.

"is that you (my name)??"

"yup!"

There was a pause and then

"omg are you okay??" said while laughing

"yeah....why"

"I can hear you peeing from my room!!"

Sooo yeah, I was peeing SO much that she heard me....from her bedroom....through the door/wall!!

So yeah, thats my story, dont do what I did! Im happy to answer any questions of course! I might need to make some more posts on here since its been like 3 years! lol

*004*2024-01-10 00:29

{{1 hour ago, bangboom said:

Really hot story!

Any leaks at all? 😛

}}

Surprisingly no! I thought I did when I doubled over but I was still dry!

{{39 minutes ago, DespAndHold said:

Wow what an amazing achievement to hold it all night while drinking and that long drive without people with you knowing! You should be so proud of that and no wonder it was the worlds loudest and longest pee when you allowed it to flow!!!

}}

I do suspect my one friend (and the only other woman in the car that night) knew. she kept looking back at me from the front seat with that "im so so sorry your going through this look" She didn't say a word though so I could keep some dignity!

*007*2024-01-10 23:50

{{17 hours ago, Wetty Mae said:

Great job making it to the crapper with a super full bladder AND being drunk! Some of us ladies truly do have steel bladders & the focus of a zenmaster. ✊🏼 The thought of wetting in a car full of people is sooo hot but IRL would be sooo embarrassing lol.

}}

Thank you!! though I really dont consider myself to have a super bladder or anything. Sometimes we just have to do what we can to make it, plus I'm not sure she would still be friends with me if I peed in a new car! lol

