Low Visibility Weather and Omo

Author: WarmWinter

*000*2024-01-14 06:28

A year ago, my city experienced some severe fog for about two days. One of those nights I was walking home through a park and I couldn't see anything beyond approximately 50 feet ahead of me. There were street lamps along the path I was on, but, for instance, if there were someone at the light ahead of me, they'd still be nothing more than a silhouette.

I was wearing canvas shoes, black leggings, and I think a white top and a blue jacket? Use your imagination, I just remember the shoes and leggings. It was autumn, so it was chilly but nothing unbearable.

My bladder was fairly full. I wasn't desperate, but I can feel the weight for sure. Upon walking through this park, some sneaky devil on my shoulder started giving me a nudge nudge... I mean, home was only 15 minutes away... I can make it, without a doubt...

... but no one can see me.

I started looking over my shoulder as I walked. I was certain there were others on this trail, and even though I couldn't see them, and they couldn't see me, I felt a sense of paranoia. My heart was beating faster, I think I was feeling colder due to my nerves. But, I found myself stepping off the path. I walked into an open field. (sidenote- it was kind of surreal, being in this open field where I couldn't see anything, it was cool). As I walked I remember seeing the silhouette of someone else in the field walking their dog. After a few seconds of squinting I determined they were not walking towards me, or facing me. I stopped where I was. I turned to make sure I couldn't see the path anymore (except for the lights)... and I just let go of my bladder.

Even though I wasn't very desperate, my bladder was definitely full, and the release was blissful. My leggings didn't hold anything back. I'm pretty sure if I had stood with my legs apart I'd have actually pissed a straight stream into the grass lol. I stood with my legs together, and I remember feeling the warmth pour down just one of my legs. I tried to shift my weight around to even out the wetness but alas. My pee completely flooded the one shoe. When I was finished I felt (and heard) the squelch in every step. It was probably really nice and cozy for my foot at first but I found it a little annoying after a little while lol.

Back then I wasn't too comfortable yet with sharing my omo experiences. I only started last summer, and since then I never really cared to share this one, mostly due to how nervous I was at the time. But I've decided to share it now because it became kind of relevant again.

... So the other night we had a snow storm. There I was, walking out of the subway station, and being absolutely bombarded with high winds and thick snowfall. Other commuters around me either stayed inside the station waiting for a ride, or the few that dared to walk did so backwards, with their back toward the wind. Since, once again, I was walking distance from home, I braved the storm. Later at home, I'd find a wet patch on my shirt, from my neck down to my chest as if it were sweat from an epic work out session. It was snow that blew down my chest. Should've worn a scarf. I did, however, wear blue jeans, a brown sweater, a black winter coat that went down to my mid-thighs, and boots.

The storm was just dreadful for the first few minutes. I got used to it eventually, maybe because the actual temperature wasn't that bad, it was just the snow that was cold. I say that because at some point this walk went from suffrage and regret to a mild convenience, and because of that my mind started going off about things like how beautiful the snow was actually, and how the snowfall was so thick that I couldn't see far in front of me, and how my jeans were already soaked from the snow, and there's that devil on my shoulder again.

My bladder was holding a cup of coffee and about two glasses of water, and had been for about three hours. Honestly, like the first story, I wasn't that desperate, but I could feel it. And once again, I'd have no problem making it home. But I didn't want to. I let myself leak a few times as I walked. This time it spread more on my backside. Unfortunately, I was wearing some pretty expensive boots and I did not want to get pee in them. I needed to find a spot to sit. I came across a small bus shelter and went inside, mostly just to have a break from the storm. While I was here I warmed my face and hands a bit, and looked around. The house next to the stop had a high wooden fence. The house across the street was obscured from the snow. My biggest concern was someone outside their bright garage, wiping snow off their car, probably preparing to go somewhere. At this moment there weren't any cars passing by. I saw one person walking along the sidewalk so I waited for her to pass.

When she was gone, and still no cars on the road, I stepped outside of the bus stop and squatted next to some garbage bins. At this point, I was starting to actually have to pee. My back was against the shelter, my bum was just above snow covered grass. I hiked up the back of my coat a little just in case. I stopped caring if the person wiping their car could see me at that distance. I began peeing and it was so hot. It was like thawing ice in my jeans. It spread down my ass and it just made everything feel so nice and warm. I even sighed in relief. I don't think I peed for very long, but it was so worth it just to feel that heat.

When I was done I stood up and looked at the ground. My pee had melted through the snow, revealing some grass or mud underneath. I brushed some snow over and made my way back home. Of course, my crotch was freezing by the time I got back lol. I decided to go to the bathroom and have a hot shower with my jeans on. With all the snow and piss in them they needed a rinse anyway.

So, has anyone else taken advantage of low-visibility weather? I'd love to read some stories!

