I haven't used the toilet in 24 hours

Author: wetlover137

*000*2019-04-21 19:34

This is my first post here, so bear with me.

Yesterday I was feeling super horny, and my interest in piss kind of reawakened, so I started chugging water. I didn't plan to keep doing this for a whole day, but I had so much fun.

The first time I pissed somewhere naughty, I needed to do laundry. I had this whole basket of clothes that were going into the wash anyway... and I was desperate... so I just let myself do it. It's been a long time since I wet and the sound of my hissing pee hitting my clothes and soaking the whole pile was so hot.

I drank a bunch of water before going to work, thinking I would attempt to hold the whole time. Didn't make it, but I didn't want to use a toilet, so I aimed for the drain in the floor of our single-person bathroom. Most of it went down, but there was still a little puddle you could tell was my pee. Hopefully no one noticed.

I held again, and by the time I got off at midnight, I was ready to burst. I locked myself in my bathroom, brushing my teeth and getting ready for bed while rocking back and forth and holding my crotch, drinking more water the whole time. I also smoked a little weed, just to make things more intense. Finally I couldn't stand it anymore and just let go, letting my work jeans fill with wet warmth. I stood in it for a while, and finished up by pissing a little more to keep things warm before I hopped in the shower. After that in bed, I put on underwear and laid on a towel, feeling my bladder fill up again until I just had to pee a little. Eventually I soaked the whole towel and my bottoms, so I finished up by pissing in my laundry again and a little on my floor, before going to sleep.

This morning, I woke up and my bladder was so full it was painful. I waited until I had the house to myself, doing chores and such, until I couldn't hold it and just wet myself in my kitchen. I soaked most of my grey jeans, and I enjoyed walking around wet. I waited some more, and dribbled a little on my bed before ripping my sheets off and pissing on them until I was empty again, this time slowly through underwear. Now I need to go do a ton of laundry!

In the future, I want to wet in my car and somewhere public, maybe a store or in a movie theater. Excited just thinking about all the possibilities... I'm definitely going to get back in the habit of wetting, I forgot how much fun it is and how horny it makes me! I think I'll piss on the floor again at work today, see how long I can go before using a toilet.

