How Bulmafan97 Came to Be

Author: WesternWets

*000*2018-08-31 05:38

As the characterization of my ego has mentioned, I'll be taking some time to write about my own experiences with this fetish - both personal and ones witnessed. There aren't too many truly exciting moments to tell about so instead I'll try to tell the story of what led me here in vivid detail that I hope you can all relate to. Like all good stories, I'll start at the beginning (or as early as I can remember) I was a very shy kid, and of course bathroom habits fit smack dab in the middle of that complex. For whatever reason I would pee with my pants around my ankles up until the tail end of elementary school.

Whether I was afraid of spraying on my pants having them so close to where my pee was coming out, or I just hadn't grasped the concept of the fly and would simply pull my penis over the top of my buttoned pants whenever I tried, I would insist on always being butt-naked even to pee, so that kept me away from urinals and largely out of bathrooms at school in general. I would only use the restroom at school if I absolutely couldn't hold it - otherwise I would do just that. Hold it.

I don't remember if it was due to some kind of enjoyment or I just really only felt comfortable doing it in my bathroom at home. But it gave me an ironclad bladder up to this day; I can hold it for hours on end if I so choose, and incredibly it's never ended with an accident-public or private. For better or worse, that's my bladder. Didn't really have a bedwetting phase either - I likely had one or two accidents as a young young kid, but even those lack the fuzziest of memories to prove they happened. I got lucky. So where does wetting come in?

Well, not everyone else around me was so lucky. I witnessed a handful of accidents from a kid 3 or 4 years younger than me - we'll call him Timmy. I would go to an aftercare with Timmy and his older brother everyday after school, and Timmy would play the same game I did apparently, holding it in all day. I knew this because every so often halfway through the afternoon I would notice his pants were suddenly wet, or there would be a puddle near where we were playing. He didn't draw attention to it and neither did I, but it would always seem to be an embarrassing spectacle for him once his big brother and mom were involved. During my childhood I also gained a couple siblings who had a few accidents that stand out in memory. I won't go into specifics, but when the older sibling had one I would sympathize as I saw the youngest reacting, and I'd breathe sighs of relief for making it this far accident-free, at least to my younger siblings' knowledge.

While this was all happening, there was a brief window in 3rd grade when I shared a bus seat with two boys who would eventually make my life hell and contribute to me switching schools the following year. But during the early days of our bus rides when we didn't speak yet, I would look over their shoulders as they read a graphic novel called "Dragon Ball". It was strange, the pages and binding went the opposite direction. It reminded me of "Dragon Ball Z", some gritty looking action cartoon I only got peeks of when staying up too late with Cartoon Network on.

And the way my future bullies were staring at the pages and snickering confirmed that this was the comic book equivalent of a PG-13 or R rated movie (holy grails at different stages of my childhood but I digress) I actually narrowly missed a peek at that scene in this first brush with Bulma - I didn't start glancing over until the more infamous 'no balls' sequence. But everything that happens to the bratty yet very cute teenager supervising this weird monkey boy was on full display from that part on, and while I wasn't quite at puberty just yet, it formed a basis for what I'd find sexually attractive for years to come.

As Bulma and her naked episodes simmered in my head I started getting girl crazy once I (briefly) joined my parents' love of country music. Those music videos man, lots of thighs that led my curiosity various places. I felt the same rush of blood looking at naked knees and pretty faces I did when something made me feel small or embarrassed or vulnerable. I came to associate my blushing with hot rushes of emotion that control my whole body. My sexuality manifested in several interesting and contradictory ways from there. I love seeing women wearing shorts and sneakers, and yet I didn't bare my own knees a day between 6th and 12th grade over my own shyness about them.

Thoughts of being caught naked somewhere drove me wild even though I'd likely die in such a situation. And one personal, blush-worthy experience I could only dream of being wrapped up in myself was being seen peeing, ESPECIALLY in my pants. This is why I mention the country music, because 2 things happened to heighten urination to its frontrunner status in my developing sexuality. When eagerly awaiting a music video I was excited about, watching one of those countdown shows, I found myself changing my underwear after a nervous leak or two. Just a drop or two, nothing worse than a post-dribble most men have experienced when re-dressing. But it kept the subject of peeing fresh in mind while waiting for a sexy Shania Twain video.

The other thing that happened around this time (transition to middle school) was a girl being in my class who I suspect shared some of my funny feelings about the subject. I'm gonna call her Shania because she had a rather exotic name and that one is just on my mind now. There were more than a few instances of her bringing up nearly peeing her pants or someone else peeing their pants in conversation. Once it was a friend who wet herself on a roller coaster, another time I overheard her saying she threatened to pee her own jeans to get the bathroom break she needed.

She'd be vocal about when needing to go, and there was even one day we shared funny stories in class, and Shania concluded one story by saying she started ...crying, but with such a long pause between the words that even the teacher said she thought she was about to say she started going to the bathroom. All these little things, coupled with the occasional (male) wetting in a cartoon would keep accidents and the attitudes surrounding them circling my mind. It came to a head between one night and one afternoon, when that pretty blue-haired beauty reappeared on my radar.

The night in question I was being babysat by my nextdoor neighbor, a very cute girl who I'm pretty sure was Bulma's age at the time, me being around Goku's age at the beginning of the series. I had finally been allowed to explore the Internet unsupervised, although I was still VERY cautious about what I clicked and when. But with my parents being out for the night and the babysitter focused on my siblings, I decided to look up that fascinating "Dragon Ball" and see if everything that happened in that tantalizing comic could actually be on screens, and if so when could I see?! I went to TV Tome (hi five if you know what it is) and thinking the scenes in question had to have happened early on in the series (being book 1 I got glimpses of) I started checking the notes sections to see what's said about censorship.

Sure enough the shots of Goku stripping Bulma and her later flashing Master Roshi had been cut or re-dubbed, but another note caught my attention as well. The 1st two episodes each included a bullet that read "When Goku rescues Bulma you can see a small sparkle under her. In the comics, she pissed her pants." I read that over and over, picturing that girl in a pair of tight jeans gradually getting darker around the crotch as this kid saves her. Even a sparkling effect would still look pretty obvious as to what happened, I thought. But that was all i had to go on, just my imagination of what Goku rescued Bulma from that scared her so bad she "pissed her pants".

Just the idea, of a babysitter or a big sister or just any grown woman urinating in her clothes, filled me with fascination. How do you bounce back from that, knowing this little kid by your side might still have an image of you with your pants wet in the back of his mind? Obviously the thought of my babysitter peeing her pants crossed my mind, but it didn't stop there. Women peeing in general was so foreign - up until that point the only instances of cartoon characters peeing were mostly limited to boys. It just reinforced the taboo and increased my hunger for more answers. I solved a few mysteries about women and the comic that introduced me to their sexuality, and yet I'd stumbled upon several more unknowns.

Well, the big mystery of the day was solved one afternoon when I was allowed to stroll the local mall on my own for an hour or so. I took this rare opportunity to browse the Waldenbooks for volume 1 of "Dragon Ball" - to witness Bulma's butt again and hopefully find this pants pissing scene. I finally found the book and after locating the 'no balls' part, Bulma's bath and showing herself naked from the waist down to Roshi, I started flipping back and forth looking for this accident.

There were 6 or 7 times Bulma looked to be in danger, nothing I could see that would need to be covered in sparkles. She calls Goku "pee-wee" in the Viz dub at one point, I checked the page before and after to make sure I didn't miss something. Mind you I was thinking "pissed her pants" meant long pants were the clothes getting wet and her legs would be covered, and I also still wasn't used to the flipped reading (first manga ever) so I was fumbling around for the proper range of chapters this part could happen in.

At long last I had my head turned at just the right moment, and found page 31. It was even better than I could've imagined. There was Bulma in a cute little dress being hiked up by the power pole, her detailed knees pressed together with her shoes spread far apart. And as a boy 4 years her junior looked on, drops of her own pee were dripping off Bulma's knees and she cried out "What's so swell about peeing my pants!?" I read that over and over and over, stared at the artwork drinking in each line. I envisioned it on the screen as well as I could, imagined Bulma being a real person with real urine running down her legs, and then of course running wild with thoughts of what happened between that glorious panel and the start of chapter 2. I must have oggled that page a good 5 minutes before I made my way back to my family.

On the way back I noticed a girl I had a huge crush on the year before walking with some friends, the one who helped me discover my love of legs. We exchanged hellos even tho my underwear was definitely moist from the thrill of seeing that illustration. The heat from being in that bookstore melted everything into place, for my love of Bulma and of her and girls like her peeing themselves would grow exponentially. On the way home my sister insisted we listen to VeggieTales, and to this day I can't listen to the song "Pirates Who Don't Do Anything" without the drawing of Bulma's accident flashing in my mind, going back to the moment my fetish was truly born.

I'm getting tired and my last big work week starts tomorrow so I'll stop here. There is much more to this story - more self discovery about peeing and the creation of Trina are just around the corner. But I'll save some of that juiciness for later. Hope you enjoyed the read.

*004*2018-10-02 15:51

Glad to hear my writing is vivid enough to channel long-forgotten memories like that. I’ve been incredibly busy with commissions, but all of this drawing of girls needing to go and going to the bathroom definitely has me reflecting on what got me to this point.

$$

That and I looked upon this familiar page in a specific graphic novel upon visiting a nearby bookstore, it all has me wanting to continue my story. After all that was just chapter 1, for both Dragon Ball and myself. Those were all the little instances that led to that moment in the bookstore, when I realized a picture of a girl peeing her pants turned me on more than anything yet. Everything before that was essentially just a prelude to the early days of my fetish.

$$

They even colored her pee yellow! So much came from this adorable doodle...

