Women losing control and peeing fully in spurts until empty...

Author: willbill

*000*2022-02-18 20:09

Have been or has anyone experienced a woman being desperate, then having a genuine accident or losing control in way where it comes out completely in spurts that last several seconds and keep coming out like this until completely empty?

I haven't had a chance to write a detailed part 2 of my experience with Cassie yet, though this happened with her when stuck and stopped at a train for over 10 minutes coming home from the wedding we were at. She was extremely desperate when I offered to just put an old sweatshirt underneath her as she pulled up the dress she was wearing, but as I was doing so was when she started losing control.

Beforehand I asked how wet her panties were as I about to put the sweatshirt underneath her, to which she replied "They're soaked. You can feel if you think I'm kidding", though immediately I felt a spurt come through her panties that lasted 3-4 seconds, then stopped for a mere brief couple seconds, and started again. I asked her if she was going to be able to hold it, she just shook her head. Which I quickly asked if either I could or if she wanted me to help her try to stop it from going all over which she nodded to. 

She continued peeing entirely in several second long spurts, then stopping for only a second or two and repeating like 6-7 times. Afterwards, she said whenever she has peed herself, that's how it comes out, where she tries to stop the entire time but is able to do so but only hold back for a couple seconds at a time.

Has anyone else experienced losing control in this manner or witnessed being with someone who has?

