No peeing at work! (updated 8/10)

Author: Weather

*000*2022-07-21 02:59

See page 2 for most recent updates! 🤗

__________________

Hello! Just starting this thread for a place to post about my work holds for the next few weeks, so I keep everything confined to a single thread.

For either three or four weeks, I'll have an old job of mine back. Couldn't start my little challenge yesterday due to a health thing, but starting today and keeping with it as long as I can.

In the morning, I'll generally pee around 7:30 before leaving for work. At work, I'll avoid using the bathroom and drink water throughout the day, and afterwards I'll do deliveries (in a bit of a financial spot right now). I'll generally be home around 7:30 to 8:30pm! At that point will be the second time that day I pee.

Today I started off a little ambitious, as I had coffee, 3 travel mugs of water, and a gatorade. I had the coffee on my way to work, and at work, I drank water perhaps a little too aggressively lol. My computer wasn't working, and I was bored. As things progressed into the afternoon the pressure rose, and for the last couple hours of work I was nearly desperate. Rather enjoyed hiding my need from everyone, but with the potential for them to still figure it out, since I kept getting water but never used the bathroom during breaks.

As I drove back, every little bump in the freeway sent a pulse through me. I probably would've looked silly to someone watching as I gasped and breathed while smiling lol. Still had work to do! The time was about 4:30 and I started my deliveries.

What followed was three hours of desperation. Every bump in the road and every step was torture, and whenever I was picking up or dropping off I had to keep my breathing easy and my voice neutral. It was a lot of fun, though also tbh I found the bump in my belly a bit embarrassing, since it made it look like I'm gaining a little weight and I like being slim 😣 Lots of people wanted me to hand their delivery to them directly, and some of them were cute, so I rather enjoyed seeing the person I was doing something for while desperate. And as I continued drinking, it only got more and more fun, with a couple really tiny spurts that no one would know about.

Decided to call it today around 7:30, and headed home. I went home, headed up to my apartment . . .

. . . and typed this up on my phone! I'm on my bed right now with my legs pressed tightly together, wanted to make myself write about my day before fulfilling my need 😝 I'll update with how much I was carrying after I get relief.

(One liter. Meh, not quite what I was walking around with for my last 24 hour hold lol)

*Oh yeah: unless this somehow gets a bunch of interest, I won't do an update every day lol, that's just hogging the front page with something that'll probably be repetitive. Hope whoever does drop by enjoys the updates I do make 🤗

*003*2022-07-26 01:37

This weekend I gave myself a small break. On Saturday I added a pee around lunchtime, and on Sunday I didn't go longer than 8 hours.

This morning I peed at 7am, then headed for work. I drank coffee on the way, and at work I passively drank water from my travel mug. I got a little more daring with how often I was refilling it, so there's a small chance a coworker has wondered if I ever pee lol. Started getting the first urges around 11am.

After work, I refilled my mug, and around 3:30, I got a boba slushie to help things along. Then I started doing deliveries. I was NOT ready for what was coming lol.

Around 5pm things started to increase. I started whimpering and moaning to myself in the car shortly thereafter, with an occasional yelp with a big enough bump in the road. By 5:30pm I had lost control of a very small bit, but thankfully my jeans are dark. I kept doing deliveries but started worrying, because I could no longer walk normally, and I was a little afraid of giving things away to those around me with some sort of sound.

After one last delivery, it was a painful sensation. At this point I loosened my belt. Not one last delivery though: right before I could sign out, I got offered a $9 pay for a trip that would be about 15 min. I took it. At the restaurant I was on the verge of everyone around me knowing how desperate I was, and I started keeping my delivery bag in front of me at all times.

Dropping off the delivery was torture. After that I drove back home and it seemed like every car was working together to make my journey home take as long as possible. 😝 I got home, got my mail, and took the elevator up since I was probably going to leak if I took the stairs, and I had something I wanted to do for you.

For comfort, I changed my shirt and wrapped a towel around my face for privacy, but I left everything else the same. Then tortured myself into wetting in front of the camera in the shower, around 6:10pm:

Spoiler

20220725_180701(1).mp4.73ba27951a790292f9acbf4b0f4560e9.mp4

So if anybody's a fan of slim male jeans wetting, there you go lol. And as I type this I'm relaxing in my peed clothes:

Spoiler

&&

If anyone wants the video of me washing the pee out let me know, as that kinda goes more into wetlook but I'll record and upload if asked.

*004*2022-07-26 02:39

Apologies for the fart btw lol, you know how it is 😆

*005*2022-07-27 01:53

Wasn't sure how interested anyone is in the video and I don't want it to autoplay for people, so moved it into a spoiler.

Today was alright, less intense than yesterday. Went 20 oz chai -> 2 travel mugs -> one bottle of gatorade. Far less pressure than yesterday, but my bladder is kinda worn out from torturing myself yesterday before peeing, so I had some of the fun desperation feelings throughout the afternoon. Peed this morning at 7am, and peed just now around 6:45pm.

*008*2022-07-30 03:59

Yesterday I enjoyed it a bit, but with this heatwave I have to beat a base level of hydration before I actually start filling myself 😕

Today was a bit better. Peed a little before 7:30am, had (over the course of the day) some grape juice, a 20 oz chai latte (iced ofc, drank the meltwater too lol), two travel mugs of water, and a regular sized lemonade from a fast food place. During my driving around doing deliveries at the end of the day, I think the combination of a week of holding and the pace at which I was going made it so I never had my control threatened, but I did feel every bump in the road go through me. Also, at a red light on a hill my car started vibrating and oooo that was nice

I could've theoretically turned this into a 24 hour hold, but I'm spending time with my fwb tomorrow and don't want to have to really have to go during that. Instead, I'm drinking grape juice straight from the bottle to get me to the real desperate point. Also I'm currently lying down sticking out of a cold shower and I started that off being a bit squirmy lol 😌 It's almost 9pm, I'm assuming by like 10:30 I'll get good and desperate to pee and I'll go, and I'm looking forward to thoroughly washing myself soon with almost 14 hours of pee inside 🤗 I'll be sure to pay extra attention to cleaning my midsection, gotta take advantage of the taut skin 😉

I'll update with another reply if anything particularly fun or interesting happens tonight.

*011*2022-07-30 04:51

{{8 minutes ago, Wetlifter37 said:

You held from 7:30am to 10:30pm? That's insane, any leaks?

}}

Nope! I've gone 24 hours a few times so I can hold on a long time. (To be fair, that wasn't most days and this is lol)

To check, while writing this comment, I massaged my bladder (I'm lying in bed) and found that if I push hard, I can feel it on the verge of leaking. Also leaves me squirmy for a little even after taking my hand away lol

*013*2022-07-30 05:27

{{1 minute ago, Wetlifter37 said:

Wow, I can't fathom holding that long lol. are you holding until you have an accident or will that not happen? what would you say you're at out of 10?

}}

I'm not sure what I want to do now actually. Might go to sleep right after drinking a bunch, so I pop awake later from the desperation. Also I'm kinda high rn lol

*015*2022-07-30 05:31

Oh, forgot, 8/10

It's aching but the pressure is so cozy 🤗

*017*2022-07-30 11:27

I decided to keep going lol, woke up and should pee so I can go back to sleep but I don't wanna 😤 21 hours

@Wetlifter37

5am edit: I'll just take a nap later when I'm tired before meeting with my fwb lol. Right now I'm about as desperate as I can go with only minor leaks, and the skin over my bladder feels really tight. Using a paper towel to catch any tiny leaks. Squirmy-cozy lol

Edit 2: peed at about 6:30, 23 hour hold. Wasn't *intending* to go that long but I was stubborn and didn't want to give up the feeling lol.

Had to position myself just right to sleep, and even then I know I kept shifting and squirming, even while asleep.

*020*2022-07-30 21:54

{{1 hour ago, Wetlifter37 said:

You're INSANE. I only hope you don't hurt yourself or make yourself incontinent lol! Squirmy-cozy is🥰😍

Do your bladder or pelvic floor get sore after that?

I haven't tried to fall asleep with a full bladder in a long time, maybe I should try it sometime

}}

Don't worry, I think I'm okay 🤗❤ it only gets a little sore, mostly just a tired feeling.

If you do, I recommend you do it before a day in which you don't plan to do much, since your quality of sleep decreases. Also I've been able to fall asleep desperate for years, so I don't know what signs to look for if it's going wrong. So if you try, please be careful!

Funny story: I recorded audio once of me falling asleep while quite desperate, and the audio went "moving around & 'mmm' sounds" -> "light squirms" -> "snoring" lol

*022*2022-08-01 12:58

{{On 7/30/2022 at 1:20 PM, Lonelystoner42 said:

Please post more videos

}}

One thing I've been thinking of doing might not be the best idea earlier in the week since it would definitely be something I feel the next day, but whenever I do try it I think I'll record it: flattening my bladder out with a rolling pin

*023*2022-08-02 17:40

Today could get interesting... I drank a bunch of lemonade before heading out lol. I peed some of it out at 7:30am, but I still arrived at work feeling like I could go. It's just after 10:30am right now and my bladder is already easy to find if I push on it, and I'll be holding for at least another 8 to 9 hours. This could be fun ☺

Edit for anyone happening to read this: tired and a little bit of a headache, no deliveries today after work. Shortly here (almost 5pm) I'm going to take a nap. I still want to hold for you though ❤ so I'm getting cozy with my full bladder

*024*2022-08-03 01:26

Just woke up from my nap, still holding. Decent chance I go at least another hour so I hit 12. Drinking more lemonade, water, and grape juice in the meantime. Trying to balance what I want between "enjoy tormenting my bladder" and "keep bladder in good condition to hold the rest of the week."

