Risking It

Author: WetDave

*000*2016-09-10 18:58

One of my favourite things is risking a public wetting accident. I just love to go out with a full bladder, desperate to pee, not knowing if I will make it to a bathroom or back home in time. A few times I have had an embarrassing public accident like this. It's been a while since I have done it so I planned a little adventure today.

As it has been a while I wanted it to be a good one, and all the signs were good. The forecast was for rain, which is good, as it seems to mean that people notice it less if you have an accident - they've all got their heads down, rushing to their destination, without looking around them. That meant I could take a greater risk, going to the extent that an accident was almost inevitable.

When I got up this morning I put the first pee of the day straight down the bog. I know some people will think that a waste but I hate the mess with that dark, strong-smelling pee; I much prefer the clear a light pee from drinking plenty of water.

I also planned to waste the second pee of the day. Firstly, this is a matter of timing - I wanted to go out later on when people were out and about shopping and so on. Secondly, one effect I have noticed is that after a holding and desperation session my bladder becomes less predictable and controlable for the rest of the day. This would make the challenge a more interesting one! So I intended to hold my second bladder to the point of absolute desperation and inadvertant voiding.

Over the next hour and a half I drank a couple of coffees, a few glasses of water and some juice. This was filling me up nicely and I was getting a strong urge to go. I kept holding, feeling the pressure building up, enjoying the sensation of being unable to sit still. Within half an hour I was fidgeting about constantly, holding my crotch and leaking sporadically. It was becoming painful. Time to let this one out! Rather than just waste it down the toilet, I put on some old tight jeans, went outside, and let it run. The feeling of the warm liquid spreading down my legs and the sound of it splashing on the ground was so erotic! I was tempted to act to relieve my excitement but decided against (for now) and jumped in the shower for a quick wash, emptying my already-refilling bladder down the drain while I was at it.

I was now ready to prepare for the event proper.

My bladder refilled astonishingly quickly, helped along by another coffee and another water. I guess my previous intake was now working its way through my system. Within an hour I was again feeling an urgent need to pee.

I've noticed in the past that I'll feel desperate at home, to the point of leaking repeatedly, then when I go out and am walking around outside the urge abates somewhat with no real risk of a major wetting accident. I didn't want that to happen this time, so I needed to be really desperate before going out. Nor did I want to go out in already-wet jeans from repeated leaking at home. So it was off with the jeans and I sat around in my underwear, with a towel for safety's sake.

The urge came and went in waves. I would be almost overcome by desperation, frantically holding myself in an effort to contain it, followed by a relatively relaxed period where I could quite comfortably hold it in. Each wave of desperation seemed stronger than the previous. Each time a spurt of pee escaped. Each time I had to hold myself more tightly to stop the flow. I was dancing about almost constantly trying to use all my willpower to hold my pee in. Time to go out!

So it was a clean pair of briefs, and on with the jeans again. Easier said than done when you are so desperate! I felt a spurt escape as I bent to put on my shoes, leaving a small wet patch. Not too noticeable, so I would go out like that.

My first errand was to the post office to collect a parcel, about half a mile to walk. I set off in the light rain and found it surprisingly easy to hold my pee in as I walked. Sure, I felt that I urgently needed to go, but I could walk relatively normally without leaking or having to hold my crotch. There was a scary moment when I stopped to wait to cross the main road and I felt a bit escape before I could bring it under control. But otherwise I was fine.

In the post office there was a long queue, about ten or twelve people waiting to collect their parcels. I was horrified! It's much harder to hold on to pee when standing still; I did not know whether I would be able to hold on. As I stood there I could feel the pressure mounting second by second. It took all my effort just to hold my pee in without visibly fidgetting about. The last thing I wanted was to blatantly wet myself in the post office queue or to let people see how desperate I was. The queue moved slowly, and as it did my desperation increased to match. I judged however that I would make it, several customers had been served quickly and there were only two or three left to go before my turn. I was able to hold my pee, no leaking, with my leg moving only slightly.

Then came a major setback. The woman at the front of the queue had asked for her parcel, but they didn't have it. An argument started. She wanted people to go and search for it. The post office man asked her to come back in a couple of hours but she was stubborn. This was going to cause a major delay for all of us - I was now sure I would be wetting myself before I got served. I started planning my escape - what would I do when I wet? Would I just run out with pee streaming down my legs? Or stand their quietly, hoping nobody noticed, then just quickly make my excuses and go, leaving a puddle behind for the next person to find? Should I just go now before I wet - and loose my place in the queue perhaps unnecessarily? Or should I just stay in line and hope for the best? I decided on the latter option - or rather failed to make a decision being unable to concentrate my mind on anything except controlling my overworked bladder - and just stayed in the queue.

At this point I could no longer hold my bladder and stay still - it was a choice between a discreet pee-pee dance and letting go. Obviously I couldn't just let my bladdder go in my jeans in front of all these people! So I was unable to stay still, I kept fidgetting about, moving my legs this way and that, bouncing up and down a little bit. I tried to cover it by pretending I was trying to read the notices on the walls, picking up the various leaflets around and skimming through them, and so on. But really there was no disguising my predicament and it must have been pretty obvious to most that I needed to pee. A grown man, desperate to pee, doing his best not to wet himself like a little child. I got a couple of funny looks from other customers but I ignored it - they'd have more to look funny about if I'd wet myself in front of them.

Eventually - hurrah - I was at the front of the queue and being served. I managed to pass the card across the desk to the post office guy while dancing about on the tips of my toes. While he went off to get the parcel I was able to hold on, moving from one foot to the other, desperately hoping he'd be quick. I didn't dare look back at the people behind me in the queue. I felt a leak in my pants and a warm dribble run down my leg.

I started to worry about how I would even sign the paper for my parcel. I could hardly keep myself still. In the event it didn't matter, the post office guy came back quick with my parcel, there was nothing to sign, so with enormous relief I shot out of there like a scalded cat.

As usual the urge reduced somewhat when walking along and I got home without any more major leaks, though I did have another scare crossing the road again and had to resort to holding myself through my jeans at one point when a wave of desperation overcame me. Holding myself I could feel some wetness in my jeans. But in the end, with some considerable relief, I was approaching the front door of my house. I know from experience that this is the most dangerous part; there have been many times I have left a puddle on the doorstep. But this time I was fine, other than another small leak, and I was home without incident. What a relief!

But also, what a disappointment!

It's always an anticlimax when I get home without wetting. So I thought, why not risk it again?

I loosened my belt, undid the top of my jeans to relieve the pressure on my bladder, and made myself a cup of tea. While the tea was brewing I downed another cup of water for good measure. Drinking the tea was problematic - even with my jeans undone and the pressure off my bladder, I couldn't stand still any more and was in serious danger of spilling my tea. But I drank it down, cup in one hand with the other hand tightly gripping my now-soggy "equipment" down below. Then I did up my jeans, buckled my belt and went out to get some cigarettes, having only three left in my pack.

I decided to head to an area where there are a few small shops, a petrol station and a small supermarket, arranged around a car park. I know (previous experience) that the supermarket does not have customer toilets, and there are no other toilets around either. It's just under a mile away - a 15 minute walk perhaps. It's a good place to go, as there is a route back that goes through a park. It's a bit further that way, but there are less people there so it's better if you have an accident.

I managed to hold my bladder as I went to the shops but it was difficult and painful. My belt was cutting into me painfully and a few spurts wetted my underwear and the crotch of my jeans. It was still raining lightly and I had my jacket done up so I doubt if anybody would have been able to see it. However, they might have noticed that I am struggling to walk normally. With each step I was at risk of losing control and I had to focus continually on holding back the pressure of pee.

When I get to the shop I daren't go in. I knew when I have to wait to be served that I would certainly flood my self. Wetting myself in a shop and leaving a puddle for somebody to clean is definitely not something I want to do. I moved on and decided to buy the cigarattes another time.

I was by now so desperate it was unlikely I would be able to make it back home. I decided to see if there is anywhere I can go and pee further down the street - in an alley way somewhere or something like that - although from my memory I could not think of anywhere. As I walked I kept leaking in spite of my concentration. It is like these little leaks just come out with no warning - I was continually desperate, continually focussing on holding it, yet random spurts kept coming out involuntarily regardless of what I could do. I felt the warm dampness slowly spread in my crotch. I couldn't look at the damage - it would be too obvious in front of the poeple around - but I did manage to cop a feel on the pretext of trying to get something out of my pocket. I was quite wet down there and it had started to spread downwards between my thighs. If someone were to have looked there, they would surely have noticed.

I found nowhere where I could discreetly have a pee. There were people everywhere. I decided to head up to the small supermarket and see if there was somewhere round the back of it where I might be able to relieve myself - perhaps where they keep the rubbish bins or something. I turned around and headed back up that way, still dribbling pee into my undies.

At one point I had to cross the road. It's not a major road, but as luck would have it there were three or four cars coming one way that I need to wait for. Standing still increased my desperation and as I waited I felt my pee starting to run. I manage to cut off the flow and run across the road as soon as the cars have passed. I glance downwards and noticed a wet patch down the inside of my right thigh, as far as my knee. Yikes! It wasn't too obvious in my dark jeans but it definitely showed and I was quite embarrassed as I walked up to the supermarket. I think one guy, standing outside a shop, saw it. His eyes were wide and followed me as I walked. I turned away and ignored him, pretending to myself that he wasn't there.

At the supermarket I found there was no way to get round the back. There is a yard at the back, but there were big (closed) gates to access it from the road. Nowhere to go again. There wass nothing for it but to head back home and hope I can make it.

I walked round to the front of the supermarket and across the car park. I am now leaking more or less continually and I can feel the wetness slowly spreading in my jeans. Looking down, I see the wet patch has grown - it's still only down to my knee but it's much wider and wetter. There is a also a wet patch on my left thigh, about halfway to my knee. Anybody looking is bound to notice that I've wet myself.

The discomfort was now no joke. I really needed to pee right away, it was a pressing and immediate need to go, I didn't think I could hold it a minute longer. I was tempted just to let it all go in the car park but at that moment a nice old lady came towards me, heading for her car with her shopping. She greeted me nicely. I see her glance downwards at my wet legs then give me a sweet smile. I was grateful for this small kindness.

I have to cross the road again. It wass quiet as I approach it and I was hopeful I could get across without stopping, as stopping now meant a certain accident for me. But it was not to be. A car was coming, fast. I slowed down, hoping it will pass before I get to the road, but by the time it has passed another couple are coming the other way. Then a few more in the other direction. As I stood on the kerb I felt a big spurt escape and warm liquid trickling down my legs. I applied all the willpower I could and cut off the flow, but it started again straightaway. As the next cars came past I felt it gushing uncontrollably, a warm flood spreading rapidly down between my legs. I look down and see my dark jeans glistening as the pee streams down my legs. Little rivers of it run off my legs and splash onto the footpath. A puddle starts spreading under me.

As the last car passes I make a dash for it, dribbling pee behind me. If it had been a dry day I would have left a trail for all to follow!

I had to pass one guy on the other side of the road. I don't know if he was looking, I don't know if he saw my accident. I looked the other way, pulled the hood up on my jacket and kept my face down as I pass him. I felt so humiliated by my little accident.

As I hurried home I passed a few other people, but in my shame and embarrassment I avoided eye contact, I avoid looking at them altogether. I kept thinking I will overhear someone say: "hey, did you see that guy - he's pissed his pants!" I wondered how I would react, but, thankfully, it didn't happen.

Over the next minutes the wetness became less obvious. The glistening of the soaked denim disappeared just leaving a darker wet area. And the edges of the wet area became blurred and vague. If somebody saw me now they could not be certain whether I had wet myself, or whether it was just some kind of pattern or shading on the jeans. I started to relax. The wet jeans felt cold against my legs now and I found the cold wet denim against my skin gave me a somewhat erotic feeling. I start reacting to that and feel myself stiffening uncomfortably in my tight wet jeans.

As I approached home though my desperation came back, suddenly. Unexpectedly I felt another surge of warm pee saturating my already-wet but cold jeans. I looked down and it had made my jeans obviously wet again. But I manage to stop the flow until I reach home. I let the rest of it go as I walk up to the door, leaving a puddle on the path behind me.

In the house I was dripping as I walked along the hallway. I looked behind and there is a trial of drops and wet footprints. I took off my jacket and went straight upstairs to the shower. I pulled off my shirt and got in the shower in my jeans. I enjoyed the flood of warm water in the shower rewetting my jeans. I stuck the shower head down the inside of my jeans with the reasoning that it was rinsing my jeans but the reality was that I enjoyed the sensation of another, bigger, flood of warm liquid in my jeans. The feeling was so erotic and I was tempted to relieve myself. I didn't, though, as I knew I needed to save myself for some sex later in the day.

That was my first good wetting for a long time - probably over a year since I did one like that. I think I'll try again soon.

*001*2016-09-11 06:42

{{10 hours ago, little_accidents said:

Amazing story, thanks so much for sharing! Wish I'd been able to see you fidgeting like crazy in the post office queue... sounds like they could all tell you were desperate!

}}

Thanks - the post office was the worst and best part of it. I was embarrassed to be hopping about desperate for a pee like that.

It would have been good if someone there was enjoying my desperation, secretly wishing I wouldn't manage to hold it!

