Long time no holds ;)

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-03-31 20:42

It's been a long time, Omorashi pals 😉

I've had a few failed or incompleted holds recently due to my life getting busy and some personal shit going on.

Decided to get back in the saddle today by attempting a long form hold for the first time in a while! My goal is to make it 6 hours, although I'm out of practice, so I may not last that long. I'm 20 minutes in and have had 250 ml of water since my last pee. So far the urge is pretty negligible but I'm gonna have another 250 ml in 30 minutes or so

Once I start to have a moderate urge I'll welcome challenges!

*002*2023-03-31 20:54

A little anticlimactic so far if I'm honest😂 I I began holding and drank 250 ml about 30 minutes ago but not feeling much of an urge yet. I was going to wait until 50 minutes in to drink more water but perhaps I should have some now?

No matter though, my bladder will fill up and I'll be squirming in no time

Just drank another 6 ounces (170 ml) which isn't too much but should start getting me a little squirmy soon. I want to hold for a while which means I have to let the desperation build up over time

*004*2023-03-31 21:03

I'm going to need to take my dog for a walk soon, figured I'd wait until I'm about 5/10 to do that just to add a little risk?

*006*2023-03-31 21:15

Beginning to feel a nice pleasant urge, about a 4/10, I expect all that water (about 400 ml) is about to all hit me at once🤭

*008*2023-03-31 21:20

{{2 minutes ago, UrineLover1 said:

You're doing well so far. Do you have any plans after walking the dog or are you taking it as it comes?

Hope the dog doesn't spend an extra amount of time at the fire hydrant while you have to watch and listen lol!

}}

LOL hopefully not. I have to cook dinner later for my roomate and I, we usually do dinner together on the weekends and alternate who makes food. So I have to still be standing through that in a few hours haha, other than that no plans 🙂

*010*2023-03-31 21:25

{{1 minute ago, Bludarcking said:

It might be a good idea to drink iced tea during your meal with your roommate 😉

}}

Hahaaa don't tempt me. Have you had more than 250 ml by now @Bludarcking

?

I'm about to set out for my walk with my dog now, that should take 20-30 minutes. I'll check back here when I get back and if there's any major updates along the way I may post on my phone

*017*2023-03-31 22:27

{{39 minutes ago, Bludarcking said:

Like a 6/10

}}

Oh boy, you must be really getting up there then by now!

*019*2023-03-31 22:31

{{1 hour ago, UrineLover1 said:

How's everyone doing so far?

}}

I just got back from my walk, definitely up to a solid 6.5/10 now and my bladder is starting to bulge. I definitely had a hard time holding the second half of the walk and had to take a few breaks to surreptitiously kneel down and "tie my shoes" (aka press the back of my ankle into my urethra to help me hold when a desperate wave came along). I did have some cheeky fun walking through puddles to make me even more desperate though, as it was lightly raining and very wet out, similar fun walking by storm drains, lots of rushing/trickling water to tease my bladder

Actually probably nearing 7/10 now

Just passed the 2 hour mark since i began holding and filling up

{{1 hour ago, UrineLover1 said:

Is your roommate aware of how you like holding? If not, you better be extra careful not to squirm in front of them. Lol

}}

Definitely not lol, I'll have to stay composed

*020*2023-03-31 22:42

My bladder is definitely bulging now and its become pretty hard to sit still... debating if I should have just a bit more water (maybe another 6 ounces) just to make things more interesting? Or wait for the desperation to slowly increase and maybe do some challenges.

Also forgot to mention I had a tiny tiny leak on the walk, but just a couple drops. Managing well now that I'm home and can squirm/hold myself as needed.

Should I have some water? If so thought on how much? I'm currently holding about 16 ounces (450ml)

*022*2023-03-31 22:49

Not sure! I wore black pants just in case, but the leak was tiny and things are back under control 🙂

Ready to accept challenges 🙂

Also forgot to mention I ran a little bit with my dog as well which really irritated my bladder (I could feel it bounce with every step). He was full of energy though and kinda needed it and I also wanted to tease myself lol

*024*2023-03-31 23:01

{{5 minutes ago, UrineLover1 said:

I dare you to listen to waterfall noises on your phone or something while sitting on the toilet fully clothed. This is just a suggestion, of course. No pressure! (Unlike your bladder, lol!)

}}

Ooh daring, I'm up for it! I'll let you know how I'm doing

Oh boy, the waterfall sounds in my headphones are already making me have to pee and I haven't even gone to the toilet yet!

%https://open.spotify.com/track/4bRCjszL1IRJ89Scd4Y5qG?si=b9aa786c98f144d7

Highly reccomend this track on spotify for making you want to leak and dribble

