Road accident

Author: wetchris

*000*2023-04-24 20:24

Yesterday I had friends staying and I offered to take them for a country drive.

As I have bladder problems I always work out a route that will include places I can stop that I know have toilet facilities.

All went well and I emptied my bladder when we stopped for lunch. I thought I might need to go again but had a stop planned.

We were about five miles from the town I was going to stop at when I began to need to pee and as is often the case it soon became urgent.

But I wasn't worried until the traffic started to slow and a police car was blocking our road and a sign said it was closed.

I immediately felt panicky and started to worry about the consequences. My friend used the maps on his phone and worked out an alternative rote that would add about 40 minutes to our journey.

I had to confess to my predicament and asked if there were any towns on the way that might have toilets as I really needed to go. None of us knew and I just had to drive on with a painful and swollen bladder.

About ten minutes later I was ecstatic to hit this town and see a sign saying parking and WC. First we had to find somewhere to park the car which wasn't easy and I was getting more and more anxious as I knew I was close to an accident.

I parked the car and rather gingerly got out and hobbled back to where the toilet block was. As I did so I felt a little hot jet of wee go into my briefs. But I was a few yards away. but horror of horrors the toilet cubicle needed a 20 pence coin and I didn't have one. I had to go back to the car to see if the others could help.

We all searched and as we did more piss escaped and instinctively I grabbed myself. It drew attention to my plight and one of my friends commented; " You'd better run it looks a bit late already." And sure enough there was a wet patch on my jeans.

I tried to hurry back to the toilet block but as I tried to get into the cubicle I lost the battle and struggling to get my zip down and my cock out I was pissing forcibly and wet my jeans heavily.

Getting back to the car there was no way to hide my predicament. I tried to make a joke and said "Guess who didn't make the toilet. Pleased to say they didn't make fun of me and were very sympathetic.

I took these pics once I got back to the house.

*006*2023-04-30 17:38

One of my friends knew I had a weak bladder but I dont think he realised that I might wet myself.

