Day out snowboarding

Author: WetConverse

*000*2021-03-21 07:05

After many years I finally went snowboarding again. When leaving home I already decided that I will not go to the toilet for peeing until I am back home. In the morning I drank 2 cups of coffee an some water.

When I reached the mountains I already had to pee but it wasn't to bad so I just went to the ski lift and stated riding . At 12:00 I had already downed 2 more bottles of water and it was time for an break.

I stopped at an take away restaurant on the slope, due to Corona the normal restaurants are closed. I ordered an coffee and searched for an nice place to chill in the sun. When the coffee was half empty I noticed an strong urge to pee. Since I had planned to not go to the toilet and I knew I could never hold it until the evening I just relaxed and emptied my bladder right there into my snowpants and boots.

The feeling was so nice. Relaxing in the sun, the feeling of warm pee running down my pants and filling my boots pooling around my toes. I finished my coffee and continued riding.

At 14:00 it was time for an break again . I ordered an coffee again and just walked a bit away. This time I just relaxed while still drinking my coffee. It a really strange feeling when you just pee your pants an there are still people around :P. My snowpants hidd every so nobody had an clue what I was doing ^^

At 16:00 the ski lift was closing so I took a last right to the top. I already has to pee again so I emptied my bladder one last time.

*003*2021-03-22 05:54

{{7 hours ago, Snowpants said:

@WetConverse

Boy do I wish I was there wetting my snowbibs with you. Doesn't that make a day on the slopes so much better.

}}

Yeah it definitely does. No need to search for an toilet when you have to piss. And the feeling is great too.

*009*2021-03-24 21:33

{{35 minutes ago, wetpantsboy said:

Sounds great! I'd love to be able to enjoy a day on the slopes (i) not worrying about finding a bathroom and (ii) wetting myself whenever I want.

}}

Yeah it is great when you don't need to worry about finding an bathroom and wet yourself when you have to piss.

Feeling the warm pee running down in your snowpants and pooling beneath your toes in your boots

*010*2021-03-28 06:25

I was snowboarding again yesterday. The combination of boarding and omorashi is just soo cool.

Just pissing your pants whenever you need/want to without anybody noticing it. The feeling riding your bord down the slope in heavy soaked pants and boots... The feeling when you let it go again, warm piss running down inside your pants filling up the boots, sloshing around your toes....

But winter is over here now. Looking forward for the summer

*012*2021-03-28 14:17

{{16 minutes ago, Snowpants said:

@WetConverse.

Your experience and how you wrote about it describes perfectly how I feel when I wet my snowbibs. The feeling of my warm piss running down my legs on a cold winter day. So nice to hear about others enjoying the same experience.

The pics of you boarding are wonderful. Am I guessing correctly you were not alone on the slopes?

}}

No, I spend the day together with an friend . He knows that I like to piss my pants but hasn't noticed anything the whole day ^^. Just in the end, when I took off my boots, he noticed my dripping wet socks .

*014*2021-03-28 14:38

@Snowpants

Yeah, he was just wearing sweatpants and had to borrow his ski & shoes, so it was impossible for him. He had to use the toilet ^^.

First he thought it was just because of the really wet snow we had due to the high temperatures we had. Then I tolled him what was the real reason

He thought it was really cool that I just pissed my pants the whole day while I was waiting for him to get back from the toilet or just while waiting/taking a break^^

