Seeing it starting to drip down her legs

Author: willbill

*000*2023-11-27 19:48

Does anyone have any accounts of seeing a female (spouse, fiance, partner, etc) needing to pee to a point you saw it start to drip or trickle down the inside of her leg?

Such as not quite making it to the bathroom, coughing/laughing, leaking while desperate/ trying to hold it, etc

###

When my current wife and I first got together, we lived in and shared an extra bedroom of a friend's home. One morning shortly after waking up, my wife mentioned she needed to pee but the person we lived with was taking a shower. With that, she decided to just change and get dressed right away, as she never takes showers early in the day.

She initially dropped her shorts and panties to where she had nothing on below the waist. Almost immediately after she said she really needed to pee, to where I said something funny without intending to. She started laughing quite hard for several seconds, then stopped and told me not to say anymore because she needed to pee too bad. I asked what she thought was funny and repeated it, to where she started laughing again and quickly asked me to stop before she started peeing.

I kept going with it instead, as he was standing almost right in front of me as I was sitting upright on the bed to where my line of sight was looking directly dead on at her pussy no more than two feet away. She continued laughing for a few more she then yelled that I was going to make her pee to where almost immediately after, it happened. It lasted maybe 5 seconds max, though suddenly almost a small stream started coming out onto her upper thigh and started running down one of her legs. Upon realizing she was peeing, she immediately stopped laughing and shrieked that she was peeing. After stopping she really had to go to where she put back on the shorts she just took off and danced around in place for a minute or so until hearing the bathroom door open and immediately running there.

