Sunday night holding (and recounting previous wettings this week)

Author: wetoliver

*000*2025-06-30 02:17

Something about Sunday night makes me want to hold/wet. I always end up indulging, and tonight is no different; it's about 10p.m. right now, and I think I'm not allowed to go to the bathroom until 1. I want to go for a little walk, though, and lose control in a patch of woods by my apartment.

I am moving out of my current apartment in about a month, and the thought that soon I will never see anyone who lives here again has emboldened me with my wettings. I have had a very sour experience with this apartment complex, and I have been enjoying "marking my territory" around the outside of the building (as I live in a first floor unit). It's a petty display of dominance and revenge, and kink, and fun. I started out sitting behind an AC unit in a recess near my bedroom window.

I was only partly hidden so I would smoke to distract from what else I might be doing-- just in case someone did walk by as my stream was pouring out onto the ground, just out of sight, with the running AC unit concealing the hissing rush of my relief. Lately I have been waiting for the small hours of the night so I can piss right next to my front door, taking just two or three steps from the door to quickly crouch and water the bushes, sometimes covertly pulling my pants out of the way, sometimes wetting, sometimes pissing through the hole that I cut in the crotch of an old pair of underwear that was getting holey anyway.

I love that pair of boxer briefs-- they pass as bike shorts outside in the dim light at night, and in my long pajama shirt I can easily walk around without anyone knowing how thinly my modesty is veiled.

It's about 10:10 now, and, beginning to feel my bladder, I am thinking about the logistics of wetting in the woods. It's an ambitious spot, and I don't know if I can pull it off, though I desperately want to. I will update as my hold progresses and my mind is made up.

*001*2025-06-30 14:58

Well, that didn't go as planned, but wow was it good anyway.

I went on my little walk around 1:15, and it was suitably quiet as I quickly crossed the road. My mistake came in hurrying into the woods in a spot that I never have before. My eyes did not have time to adjust, and just as I pulled out my phone for a little light, I slipped, fell, and slid a few feet down an incline that was much steeper than I realized (my back's a little irritated from the rude landing, but otherwise I'm fine). I was disoriented for half a second, but I stabilized myself on the hillside and looked around as my eyes adjusted to the darkness. I didn't really want to push through the dense understory, and when I looked up, I saw that the crest of the hill was above my head, meaning I was out of sight of passersby.

What the hell, I thought. Why not here?

So, still sort of sprawled out from my fall, I wiggled my pajamas and boxers down only just enough to not get them wet, and let go. I went for a long time, and it hissed thickly-- I had been holding for several hours. The relief was huge. I shimmied my pajamas back up and climbed back over the hill. Only the trees saw, and I left them a little nitrogen fertilizer for their trouble, lol!

