Holding for 9h + a desperate train ride!

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-10-15 19:56

Still riding the omo wave after wetting in public for the first time the past couole days. Today though I’m quite busy, so I’m doing a truly slow hold, as in, I’m not drinking any more than I normally would and just want to see how long I can last without the toilet.

My day consists of several errands, packing, laundry, and I’m gonna be taking a train so I can’t fill up in any unusual way.

So far I’ve been holding for just over 4 hours (one morning pee only) and I’m just beginning to feel a pressure I’d call “notable”. I’m nearing a 5/10. Still just in the comfortable pleasant range for now.

*002*2023-10-15 20:15

Errands 1 and 2 down, now home for some lunch and probably some water.

*004*2023-10-15 21:23

Just found out errand 3 is closed on sundays, ugh. Had some lunch and having a *moderate* amount of water. 250ml. I know it’ll make me a little squirmy which is kindaaaa a problem cuz I have to get on the train later but🤷‍♀️ what’s life without a bit of risk?

{{Just now, Allyoucandrink said:

Do you have access to goodnites or pull ups? Seems like it’d be a good, discreet way to push it a little harder.

}}

Sadly I don’t. I’ve never tried diapers. I do have incontinence pads though for my overactive bladder, they can handle a few spurts. So I’ll definitely wear one on the train but I’ll be trying not to leak.

*006*2023-10-15 21:29

Doing laundry now and some dishes and the sound of running water is definitely making me feel the pressure in my bladder. It’s really not much yet it’s just when I get hit with desperate waves/ overactive bladder spasms.

{{4 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Sounds like a good challenge. Can you make it through the entire train ride without any leaks in the pad?

}}

That’s the plan!

*007*2023-10-15 21:43

5.5 hours holding so far and it's still going surprisingly easily, bladder is around a 5.5-6/10. I'm going to keep holding until I'm bursting or wet though (hopefully after the train haha) so it'll get more interesting eventually.

It's definitely true that with longer holds you get used to the bladder pressure, I almost felt more squirmy an hour ago. Maybe I'll bring a water bottle on the train if I'm feeling brave and not that desperate

*009*2023-10-15 22:26

{{29 minutes ago, vincp44 said:

And how long until the train ride?

Anyway, it's nearing midnight here so I'll see it in the morning. If I can manage to stay away from my phone during the dedicated sleeping hours 😉

}}

{{36 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

How long is your train ride?

}}

It's in an hour, for an hour and a half. So I have to hold my pee for at least 2.5 hours. I don't think it should really be a problem unless I get hit with a particularly bad overactive bladder spasm, which could always happen.

By now I'd say I'm at a solid 6/10. Getting regularly squirmy and a more pleasant, more obvious pressure. Still no big deal yet. I'm kinda thirsty so I may go have some more water.

*010*2023-10-15 22:31

I obviously can't wet myself on the train, but I'll be seated and wearing a pad so I'm not overly worried. I am gonna wear black pants in case I wet myself in the outside part of the station when I arrive though, but aiming to make it home dry so I can keep holding!

*012*2023-10-15 22:34

{{2 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Definitely don’t want to be dehydrated on the train, drinking more first seems like a good idea.

}}

Perhaps. Gotta be careful though...

Right now I've been holding 6.5 hours. My train leaves at the 7.5 hour mark of my hold and gets in at the 9 hour mark. Honestly I'm kinda worried cuz those are really long times for me to hold, but I'm just reminding myself that I'm really not that full yet.

*014*2023-10-15 22:41

{{5 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Just gotta figure out the right balance. And knowing you can’t lose it on the train will definitely help you hold a little bit longer.

Do the trains have bathrooms in case you have an emergency situation?

}}

They do yeah. But planning not to use it unless like you said, its an emergency.

Feeling a bit thirsty so I'm going to have 250ml cuz I haven't drank that much water today and still feeling confident about my bladder. I'll keep updated as we go. Ideally, I'd like to hold through the train and continue holding when I get there. Maybe get myself bursting in my room if I get there safe

*015*2023-10-15 22:49

Probably gonna be MIA for the next little bit, I need to make sure I have everything packed. I'll update in a bit

*017*2023-10-15 23:51

Hello all I’m back! Had to finish packing and then ran into a bit of heavy traffic on the way to the train station which added a bit of stress to the journey 😅

I made it though and I’m on the train!

Feeling more pressure for sure, 6.5/10 creeping to a 7. The rumbling of the train is also adding to it a little but I feel pretty solid holding because I’m sitting down.

Excited to see how this goes!

*019*2023-10-15 23:53

I also should mention I decided to let loose a few spurts (maybe 3 2-3 second ones) in my pants I was wearing before I left, just to make sure I could make it through the train ride safely.

Now wearing black athletic wear pants that are pretty good at hiding wetness and an incontinence pad

{{1 minute ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Good timing for me to pop back on. Did you bring some water with you?

}}

Yep, I brought a water bottle! I’ll be making sure to stay hydrated 😜

*021*2023-10-15 23:57

{{3 minutes ago, Wetlifter37 said:

I also should mention I decided to let loose a few spurts (maybe 3 2-3 second ones) in my pants I was wearing before I left, just to make sure I could make it through the train ride safely.

}}

Also a fun taste of what’s to come when I finally get to wet myself later!!

{{3 minutes ago, Allyoucandrink said:

Sounds like you need to drink enough liquid at least to make up for the leaks then. If you have water with you, I think some small sips every few minutes are beneficial.

}}

We’ll see. I’m already inching closer to a 7/10 (bladder is rounding out) and the rumbling of the train is DEFFF making me feel it more.

I’m gonna moderate it so I at least don’t have an accident till the train arrives

*022*2023-10-16 00:02

Just got an update that the train is running 17 minutes late 🤦‍♀️ of course that’s my luck lol

Also just reached 8 hours holding! Gonna have some celebratory sips of water 🎉

*024*2023-10-16 00:06

{{1 minute ago, Allyoucandrink said:

You’re a big girl, you can hold it. It just may be a tough trip lol

}}

Might be. Kinda looking forward to see how desperate I get but I have to make it to the station lol.

&&

&&

&&

&&

