Having a lot of accidents lately ...

Author: wetbetty

*000*2020-03-18 03:58

So yesterday I had an 8 hour drive home after a very stressful week. I had a full blown accident on Friday that left my bladder so tired that I was dribbling all day Saturday before I even knew I had to go .. my panties just would just start feeling wet I almost wet the bed on Sunday but managed to get to the toilet with only a few leaks getting my panties down. Monday I initially started wetting at around 1:45, I had to go really bad but I couldn’t stop anywhere so I let a small bit go .. big mistake because my leggings looked like I’d already lost complete control so then I REALLY couldn’t stop anywhere.

I pulled over for gas about an hour later and just pulled my shirt down ... you could still tell .. but they didn’t have a rest room anyway so i started to get nervous about my inevitable accident. I leaked twice while pumping gas. The first leak happened as I stuck the pump into the car, i felt the warm puddle sit on my panties for a second before it soaked in. When my tank was full the click of the pump scared me and the second leak happened. It was like my body lost complete control and I had to squirm to get it to stop.

At this point I knew I had minutes to minimize my embarrassment so before getting back on the road I put a blanket under me and quickly swapped my T-shirt for this flow dress and took my leggings off. I leaked again and felt myself loosing it. I folded up a handful of paper towels and a grocery bag and got it under my butt on top of the blanket. I turned out of the parking lot and got on the on ramp and starting dribbling. I was just trying not to overflow my seat but I couldn’t stop. It was hurting so bad and gushing out of me. I felt my accident spreading and pooling in my legs.

The front of my dress had a little pool from where I was holding myself trying to just slow my accident. It didn’t work - I was full force pissing myself doing 80 on the interstate. I couldn’t really feel my bladder for about an hour. Around 5pm I had to go again and I was still soaking wet. Before I could even think of how I’d make it to a toilet I leaked .. and then it was a constant dribble. I felt the pee pool up again and could feel my cold wet panties get warm again. I probably peed just as much as my first accident .. I was sopping wet. I put some more paper towels under me but there was still a puddle .. I leaked long spurts over the next 2 hours with no control.

About 30 minutes from home I had to go again but I wanted to make it home .. I pulled out all of the paper towels and held myself .. willing myself to wait a few more minutes. About 10 minutes from home it happened .. I peed my pants (panties/dress) again .. this time with no protection. I was sitting at the stop light and had a huge urge so i presses my hand harder - I felt my fingers start to get warm and it all just flowed out. I held on while my (full again) bladder just emptied into my hand and puddle under my butt ... I had another accident when I got home I walked in the door and immediately put in a pull up because I didn’t want to potty on my carpet and as I was putting a cup back in the cabinet my bladder gave out .. pee just felt like it was falling out of me.

I changed myself and put on another pull up for bed. I woke up squirming and didn’t even make it out of bed .. the warm wetness spread up my bum and through my front. I was sagging as I got to the toilet and sat down on the potty to go some more .. it just flowed out of me, I couldn’t stop it if I’d tried. I made it through the day with no big incidents - but I only had one cup of coffee - I piddled when I unlocked my door on my lunch break but I’d waited too long and I knew that .. I changed my panties and went back to work.

I got home from work and ate, showered, etc. No incidents - until I get ready for bed. I put on a pull up because I just got a new mattress and don’t wanna risk it .. I went to smoke a cigarette on my patio and as soon as the wind hit me I started dribbling. I couldn’t hold it .. I’m in bed with my pull up on now and I know that when I wake up I’ll go to get out of bed won’t be able to hold it .. I don’t really mind, I just can’t believe how much I’ve been wetting myself lately. (Photo is of tonight’s minor dribble outside!)

$$

*002*2020-03-18 11:41

I woke up this morning to an almost burning sensation because I had to go so bad. My poor muscles were constantly clenching and giving out .. within about 15 seconds the floodgates were open and I was peeing myself again. My pull-up began to over flow and I could feel the pee puddle around my butt .. I had to get on my knees and stand up out of bed so I didn’t squish and start leaking more. Once I was out of bed I just stood there and finished my accident.. there was no sense in having to clean up a trail on the way to the bathroom if I wasn’t going to make it anyway.

*005*2020-03-18 23:32

Literally lost control as soon as I walked in the door from work .. I don’t know what I’m going to do if I keep having accidents at this rate.

