First public wetting/accident..

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2021-07-25 17:59

This is story i am really eager to share with you guys, so like i earlier mentioned i have met this girl who is quite openminded and willingly try things out. So she is aware of my interest about peeing stuff/wetting and accidents and she is curious about the stuff. She havent try it so far by herself but she is willing to test this out in some point.

Okay, today it was nice, beatifull and warm day out here like 27 celsius or so. We got plans to go out in the park and have a nice picnic while the weather was so nice, so we packed our things and she told me to drink up quite a large amount of water that i can keep hydrated in such a warm day. She smiled after i finished my huge glass of water and said that today she would like to get know better this fetish and told me that i must show her a lead. Not to mention that i was absolutely in ectasy with that fact and have a difficulty to hide that..heh.

After we arrived in the park, it wasnt all that growded but there was people sitting and having a good time here and there. So we spent our time and she was pouring me drink after drink and curiously watching me like a hawk, it wasnt took too long when i noticed that i need to pee and i told it to her. She said that i didnt look like i need to use the toilet and suggested me another glass of water, which i offcourse took and drinked like i should. Maybe after 45 mins or so i was desperate and in agone and have to move constantly to manage myself.

I told her that i was really in need to use toilet right now and she was watching me with a smirk in her face and told me that she might believe me as i look the part in her mind. I suggested to her that i could go in the bushes and she can watch me if she wants, but then she wawed her index finger in front of my face and whispered in my ear: "no, you will hold yourself as long as you can and eventually i will see you in wet pants. and that is a fact, no bush pees today..)

What i can say about that..i was ectasy but there was still other couples and people around there, luckily we have our spot with a little bit of privacy but not completely. All i can say i honestly did my best to last long as i could but eventually i started slowly leaking ended up totally soaking myself in front of her and a couple of other persons, it was humiliateng but still sooo arousing..

After i had wet myself we headed to my place and i can assure we have fun..she was totally in it but wasnt sure would she enjoy to wet herself, but maybe we get answer for that question in some time..

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

