Working from home whilst someone else controls your bladder

Author: wetgarth

*000*2024-08-23 08:00

This happened a couple of days ago. I had been chatting online with a friend and decided that whist working and having the house to myself, it would be fun to let them control my bladder. I am not particularly into long holds as I enjoy wetting but I do like to have fun with this kink and really enjoyed it. I asked if it was OK to share my hold that we did and they agreed. Thank you - you know who you are ♥️

To set the scene. I had a few online meetings booked in that morning and was already on my 2nd mug of tea. We had agreed previously what I would wear, grey boxer breifs & jeans. I have an old office chair that is destined for the tip and was sat on that.

I attanded to my work whilst chatting online, being told to drink and updating on the level of fullness. By the end of the 1st online meeting the 2nd mug of tea plus 2 x 500mils glasses of water were starting to hit about 7/10 and so we carried on. Working whilst chatting online.

Approaching my 2nd online call I was definately moving up a level and desperation was beginning to hit me. I was wiggling and squirming, pressing my legs together and holding myself.

20240821_112513.mp4

I am at this point doubtful if I would make it through my next call and couldn't really video myself whilst on a call but was told I could let some out in my pants to eliviate some pressure. I was very happy to comply with this instruction but it didn't help much. I was still getting very desperate

20240821_112847.mp4

*001*2024-08-23 08:09

More releif was needed so again, I was told to pee some more but this time pull my jeans down so peeing into my underwear could be witnessed . My underwear is already wet at this point and so complied with the request. I also had to finish my glass of water.

20240821_113244.mp4

&&

After the call was over and now bursting I was told that I could go and sit on the toilet,jeans down but underwear still on and wait for further instruction. This was for sure the hardest test, especially when I was then told to press hard on my bladder

&&

*002*2024-08-23 08:19

Finally the instruction was given that I despirately needed to hear. Let it all go in your pants.

The feeling and satisfaction was pure bliss. It felt like it went on for ever but the warmth and wetness felt sensational.

20240821_113957 - Trim.mp4

I had to stay in my now soaking underwear so pulled up my jeans and went back to work. Sitting at my desk in wet underwear and wet patches showing on my jeans.

&&

*003*2024-08-23 08:26

After that hold it wasn't long before yet another strong urg to pee came over me again. I was already wet and starting to feel cold, so warmed up my jeans again by simply letting go in my chair .

All this fun and still getting through my work.

Was a brilliant experience and made work so much more enjoyable, made so much better with the online chats.

A must to be done again !

20240821_121955.mp4

*006*2024-08-28 16:10

{{1 hour ago, SergioUK said:

This reminds me that around the turn of the century I usually worked from home a day every other week and my then partner came up with creative ways to control my bladder while she was at work. This usually involved various more or less messy ways that I could relieve myself but not until she allowed it.

She usually started with three small padlocks and some chain. First she locked the button of my jeans with one lock and the zip pull to that with another. The chain was looped round the frame of the desk, through an armrest of my chair and then around my waist and locked. Now I was 'tethered quite closely to the chair and in turn to the desk, with no way to use the toilet or even to reach my penis. Before leaving for work she refilled my large mug of tea and brought a litre bottle of cold water and a snack for lunch. Finally she wheeled within reach a small suitcase with a combination lock. This would contain some means of relieving myself without damaging the chair or carpet.

At some random point during the day, before 4pm, she'd text me the code for the lock. If she hadn't sent it by 4pm that meant she'd forgotten and I could request it, but if I gave in and requested it sooner there would be a penalty when she got home, but more of that later.

Over the weeks the suitcase contained in order of 'convenience':

All three keys so I could unlock completely and use the toilet - a bit of an anti-climax after a long hold. The key to the zip and a large empty fabric conditioner bottle, around 1.5 or 2l, to pee into. The key to the zip and a smaller bottle, around 750ml, which would be enough to relieve my discomfort until later, but you know what it's like trying to stop part way through a large pee, and guaranteed I'd be desperate again by the time she was home. Keys to the zip and button, a nappy and plastic pants.

On more than one occasion when she got home she'd lock the zip and button again before unlocking the chain, so I had to wear the wet nappy all evening, possibly including going out. Cycling overtrousers, so I could put them on over my jeans and wet myself. Fleece jogging bottoms were added for more capacity after the first time overflowed onto the carpet. Keys to the zip and button and a pair of rubber tights, with the intention that I put them on and release in them. On one occasion it occurred to me I could just use the tights as a container but when she saw this she demanded I remove my jeans and put the wet tights on, then put the trousers on again, locked them and made me stay like that all evening, including a trip to the pub. A plastic sheet to protect the chair, and a towel, so I'd just have to wet myself and sit there.

There were others I don't remember and some that were only threatened, like a catheter and drainage bag. If I called her for the code before 4pm there would be additional punishment such as being left for a few hours more if I was wet, being bound in the bath and the bottle of pee poured over me, or her standing over me and pissing. These sessions were invariably followed by great sex.

The occasion didn't often arise but I did get revenge a couple of times in a similar manner when she was home all day.

}}

@SergioUK

That is absolutely brilliant and bet that was so much fun to do jointly. Sounds like your partner had a wicked sense of humour and excellent imagination to come up with such plans

