Holding on the Bike-Ride

Author: Wet-Robert

*000*2023-10-22 20:20

Soooo, this experience is just Minutes old. After setting around all day, doing nothing I needed some fresh air and also some movement. Riding my bike a bit, was my task of choice. But why not hold a little bit?

I wanted to have a bit of fun, being hydrated while doing sport is important and I wanted to test something. Last time I needed to pee, while cycling I didn't feel anything. So I peed one last time, chugged down 1,5 litres of water with Peach-taste and waited for about an hour. Than I drank another 0.5l of plain water.

I started to feel my bladder filling, probably 5/10, went into the garage and grabbed my bike. As soon as I was pushing the pedals, my need almost vanished. Yes, I felt my bladder but it was consistent and only a really small urge, maybe a 2/10.

It was already dark outside, the streets were empty and the wet from a rain-shower which has passed by, minutes ago.

After about half an hour I reached the first red traffic light, most of them were turned of the others were green. I pushed my brake, put my feet on the ground and immediately felt my bladder, laying in my body like a rock. My need jumped to an 8, I grabbed myself and fidgeted around, to hold back my flood of hot pee.

Luckily the light turned green and I could carry on, the first Meters were hard. I still had to hold myself and my bladder screamed for release, but than my need almost vanished again like before. My urge was bigger than before the red light, but still very manageable. So I carried on for another 15 to 20 minutes, cycling through the empty streets of my hometown.

Than the next stop at a red light. This time, thinking that my saddle helps to hold, I kept sitting. But the wave of urge rolled on my at hit me. I jumped down, needing both hands to hold my dick shut. I was only 5 away from my home, but I knew I wouldn't be able to make it. Maybe back on the bike it was possible but at home,

I need to open the front door, open the garage, putting my bike away, opening the house and reaching the nearest bathroom. IMPOSSIBLE!

The traffic lights turned green, I crossed the street and thank god entering a Park area. I left the path, pulled the brake and pulled my pants down. Still standing over my bike I pissed against a tree. It felt amazing!

Again I confirmed my theory. When I'm cycling I don't need to go.

