Difficulty wetting on purpose

Author: Wetgurl

*000*2018-10-18 21:53

A few weeks ago, I had the day off of work and a free morning. It was a beautiful day, so I decided to take advantage of the time to myself to have a little omo fun. There is a lovely lake with a trail around it close to where I live, and I wanted to get some exercise and enjoy some public desperation - and hopefully wet my pants. So, I drank two large cups of coffee, and grabbed a large bottle of water to take with me. I was wearing my favorite pair of short black shorts that are a nice thick material, perfect for wetting, because they are very absorbent yet they don’t show wetness well.

I decided to walk to the lake, so that I would be out a little bit longer and have a longer trip home to the toilet. It was likely a mix of the anticipation, and also the two cups of coffee, but I was already feeling the need to pee when I walked out of the door. Normally I would have peed. So, naturally it didn’t take me long to begin to feel desperate, but I had planned to complete the walk and drink all of the water. So, I kept drinking and walking while my bladder kept getting fuller and fuller.

About thirty or so minutes in, I really needed to pee. Like, badly. Desperation had set in and pretty much all I could think about is how badly I needed to pee. I was only about a third of the way through my planned walk, so I decided to intentionally pee a bit into my panties and shorts to take some of the pressure off of my poor bladder. But as badly as I wanted to pee, I could not make myself do it into my shorts while I was walking

I figured it might be that I was standing up, so I went over to the edge of the path, next to a clearing that overlooked the lake. I thought that maybe if I was sitting I could get the flow started. But, sitting didn’t make it easier. I had to pee so badly that I was clenching to hold it. I really thought that by stopping holding I would just pee, but I couldn’t. I sat there for a few minutes and finished my water. After all that coffee and water I was absolutely bursting, yet I couldn’t make myself pee my pants in public.

I decided to continue my walk, assuming my bladder couldn’t hold out much longer. It was starting to actually ache from being so full. I came upon a picnic bench that was made out a wire mesh, and decided to sit down on the bench. I was so absolutely desperate to pee, and as I sat on the bench I tried to think in my head that I was sitting on a toilet. I closed my eyes and relaxed, and finally was able to pee. Warm pee filled my panties, spread out over my butt, and then began to cascade through the mesh of the bench. It felt so good to finally release that I almost had an orgasm. I peed for a solid ten seconds before I was able to stop the flow. I didn’t want to empty my bladder, but it was enough to go enough to make the pain subside.

I sat sat there for a few minutes, almost breathless from how euphoric it felt. I decided to pee a bit more before I continued my walk, careful to only let out a bit more. The bench was such an amazing place to pee, but I wanted to stay desperate.

Now that my pants were wet, I found that I was able to get the flow going from a standing position. For the rest of my walk, I continued wetting my pants in little spurts every time I felt the desperate urge. When I got home, I emptied my bladder standing in the backyard before I went in the house. I probably still had a good 20 seconds of pee in me, enough to wet down both of my bare legs and make a puddle in the grass around my feet. My bladder must have been so full.

Has as anyone ever experienced a time when they were extremely desperate, yet couldn’t get the pee to flow? Or was this just a weird experience? I get so few chances to actually try public wetting, I don’t know if this was just a weird thing or a problem I’ll continue to have

*004*2018-10-19 13:45

This is my first intentional public wetting. I’ve had many that I’ve done at home and a couple where I’ve done it in the car (sitting on a towel), but I’ve never had a problem in private. I’m chalking it up to nerves.

