Hotel Bed Accident

Author: wetvitaly

*000*2018-05-18 23:24

So I’ve been staying in a hotel room for a couple of months now and I’ve yet to have any wettings, mostly because I’d feel bad ruining the carpets or sheets. This morning though, I was woken up by the maintenance man knocking on my door about some furniture that needed to be replaced. Turns out they had scheduled for some movers to bring a new desk, mirror, nightstand and dresser for the room. I was promised it would only take a few minutes and that I could stay here while they do it. Since I have so much stuff in my room, I decided to stay.

Spoiler alert: it didn’t take minutes, total it took an hour and a half. The entire time, the bathroom door was blocked by a giant dresser that I, a 5’7 woman with 0 strength, couldn’t move by myself. I was too shy to ask one of them to move it for me, but I hadn’t gone pee since the night before. So I sat in bed with my foot under my crotch trying to hold it till I had the room to myself again. At one point, I was asked to stand up so they could push my bed over and put the new nightstand in. I got up, and as I did, I leaked badly. I felt it soak right through my panties and run down my thighs till it soaked into my pajama pants, and I panicked.

I sat back down, bit my lip, and covered my lap with my blanket. Another ten minutes passed, and I was losing complete control. I was leaking every few seconds onto my foot, and I knew it was too late for me to get up. All I could do was sit and watch them install the new furniture while leaving and coming back to my room while I was slowly peeing my pants.

My muscles finally completely gave out, and I could hear the faint hissing as my bladder emptied itself all over my bed, panties, and leg. I was exhausted, embarrassed, and now uncomfortably wet. It just kept coming out of me no matter how hard I tried to stop it, and these men in my room never noticed or heard. It felt good to not have to pee anymore, but I had now ruined my sheets, pants, and panties.

Once they finally left, I got up and waddled to the bathroom, leaving a trail of drips behind me as I did. I quickly peeled off my pants and panties, rinsed my lower half in the shower, then went to the front desk to ask for new sheets.

