Attempted Bedwetting, Daytime Wetting

Author: wetpirate

*000*2018-04-09 05:12

I haven't been posting a lot, so I'll share a story from awhile back. A friend I was pursuing (romantically) was mad over a comment I made, so for a few days I was sad & so I decided to have some fun in bed. I had gotten around to drinking quite a bit, but I slept dry well into the morning not leaving me enough time for relief. So I was a bit full, and to add to it we just came back from break & there was really bad news - in the main building the bathrooms were locked down due to a flood in apart of the building, so no way a teacher was going to let me go to the other side of the campus. So I had to hold through several classes until Lunch where there were tons of students waiting, so I skipped on it & instead just went straight home after my last two classes (a mistake).

As I was walking home my friend went up next to me & asked me to sit down with them. Despite having the urge to go I agreed. We went into a nearby fast food restaurant with reconstruction for the bathrooms underway. So we talked it over for a long time - but it was really close to when I need to go home AND I was still irking to go.

So I ran off, opting to run there (walking two miles wouldn't work too well). However trouble was afoot - I was spurting into my undies! Already not even too far from the place I just came from. I was trying to hold on but it kept going every once in awhile. There was a light, I had the pleasure of coming untimely to since an ambulance went through it restarted. At the point I was practically done, I was kind of behind the group luckily. Before I could say Mississippi I was going into my shorts. It ran down in between my thighs & up my butt. It was pouring down to the ground & a ot of people looked - a few with red faces. My face, began to burn & I could feel tears swelling up in my eyes. Luckily my time had come (albeit a bit late) & I could sprint the rest of the way home & clean up.

Sorry if it's bad - it's a bit rushed.

