What I did yesterday...

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-07-10 11:03

I got back home just before three in the afternoon, fumbling with my keys and leaning against the door when it clicked shut.

I'd been out for a boozy lunch with my boss and one of our favourite clients. A jug of Pimms and two bottles of white wine between three of us. Chatty, tipsy, everyone over-sharing.

The kind of work lunch that starts formal and ends up feeling like a hen do.

I was definitely a bit tipsy when I got home.

My grey jeans felt tight from sitting for hours. My blouse was half-untucked. I kicked off my boots in the hall, sighed, and let the quiet swallow me up.

That’s when I felt it, properly noticed it.

The pressure.

I hadn’t gone to the loo at the restaurant before leaving. Stupid, really, especially with my history.

I could feel my bladder pushing now, urgent but not quite painful.

I walked down the narrow hallway toward the bedroom, planning to change. But halfway there I just... stopped.

My heart was thudding.

No one was here.

No one would know.

I shifted my weight, testing the pressure. I could go to the bathroom like normal. But something about the idea of just letting go tempted me.

I took a breath.

And I relaxed.

It started as a slow warmth, seeping into my knickers. Then it surged. Hot and wet, flooding the tight denim. It spread over my thighs, soaking the fabric, trickling toward my knees. It dripped onto the floor with a quiet patter.

My cheeks burned.

I let out a shaky laugh.

When it stopped, I was standing in a growing puddle on the wood floor. The denim clung to me, heavy and dark with wetness.

I felt weirdly lighter, stress free and happy.

I went to get paper towels from the kitchen. My socks squelched.

I mopped up the puddle in the hall slowly, feeling the wet jeans cool on my legs.

By the time I finished, I was starting to sober a little, my head clearing.

I poured a big glass of water and sipped it at the counter, still in those soaked jeans.

Then I remembered.

Shit. The Teams call.

It was scheduled for half three.

I checked the time: 3:25.

Panic prickled through me.

I dashed to my desk. Sat down carefully, wet denim squishing under me.

I didn’t have time to change.

I logged in.

My heart was pounding the whole time, imagining someone might somehow know.

It was just a debrief call with my boss and the wider team to let them know the client's expectations.

I forced myself to contribute, voice steady even though my legs were sticky and cold.

When it ended, I closed my laptop with shaking fingers.

I was breathing hard, half-horrified at myself.

But I hadn’t been caught.

I stood up and winced. The denim was stiff and clammy.

But I didn’t head for the bathroom right away.

I wandered into the kitchen.

Crumbs on the worktop from my rushed breakfast. Unwashed mug in the sink.

I grabbed the sponge.

I set to cleaning.

As I moved, the wet fabric shifted and rubbed. I shivered.

I drank the rest of my water.

Time passed.

The pressure built again. All that wine. All that water.

It returned slowly but firmly.

I paused mid-wipe, leaning over the sink.

I felt the need swell.

I bit my lip.

No one would know.

I let go again.

Hot liquid surged into already-sodden denim. It soaked the cold patches, flooding down my calves.

The puddle spread under my feet.

When it was done, I felt shaky.

Almost tearful.

This time I properly cleaned the floor. Sprayed disinfectant. Mopped twice.

Then I peeled the jeans off. They were so wet they clung painfully, needing to be peeled down in stages.

My knickers were ruined too.

I dumped them both in the kitchen sink, filled it with water and soap. I watched the cloudy water swirl around the heavy denim, pressing it down to soak properly.

I ran the tap for ages, rinsing the worst of it out.

When I was satisfied, I left them to soak and finally headed to the bathroom.

I didn’t even hesitate this time.

I stripped the rest of the way, dropping my blouse and bra in the laundry basket.

I turned on the shower and let the hot water steam up the room.

I stepped in slowly, feeling the heat wash away the stickiness, the smell, the memory.

I tilted my head back, eyes closed, letting the water beat on my chest and legs.

I scrubbed everywhere, until I felt clean.

New.

When I stepped out, I wrapped myself in the biggest, fluffiest towel I owned.

I didn’t bother dressing.

I padded into the living room naked.

I tossed the towel aside and lowered myself onto the sofa carefully, feeling the cool fabric against my bare skin.

I curled up, knees pulled to my chest, remote in one hand.

The telly flickered to life, filling the room with chatter and colour.

I felt safe and at peace with the world.

I sighed, resting my head on the cushion.

No one to judge.

No one to see.

