First intentional “public” wetting

Author: Wettkitty

*000*2018-02-21 16:32

Here is my first intentional "public" wetting. While It was highly unlikely I'd be seen, due to the hour, I still looked over my shoulder several times. I had fun with it anyway.

Would love to hear your similar stories. :)

I was at a resort and had to be on the phone for work for several hours. I needed my things from my car which was a pretty far walk. I was holding while on the phone and decided to wait until I got back to my room to wet. I made it to my car; it was dark out by this time, but I was parked under a security light. I reached inside to get my bag and started leaking. I looked around and didn't see anyone so I kicked off my shoes, spread my legs and relaxed. I love how hot piss feels as it rushes into my panties! There was a lot and I could easily hear it hissing in my jeans. It felt so nice and warm streaming down my legs. I stripped down when my jeans started to cool and put on a dry pair from my bag. Put my wet clothes in a garbage bag and walked back inside. I Have no idea if anyone saw me. It was an exhilarating experience!

*005*2018-02-21 23:12

{{6 hours ago, magic said:

My first time in public, i was on the road on the Parkway, i had to pee really bad...and i was wearing my black jeans. I pulled over after the toll booth, and i walked into a phone booth (they still had those)... i went in, it was late at night, and kind of snowing a little. I stood there, not believing i was actually going to do it, i was hard from the excitement. 

I started to spurt some pee out, into my briefs... and it suddenly wet the front of my jeans. The warm piss felt so good in my briefs.. that i let go some more.. now my briefs were wet all the way to my butt, balls feeling the hot piss all over... thats when i just said F it... and let it all go. i hadnt intended on pissing all the way.... but i just felt so good... i let it run down my legs in the cold... and it felt HOT...i came out of the phone booth soaked down to my shoes and socks. I had a spare pair of jeans in the car.... but it felt so good... i rode home with my briefs wet and drying with the heat in the car... one of my most erotic ever experiences..

}}

That’s very HOT!! Thanks so much for sharing!

{{4 hours ago, Hurdyra said:

That sounds like a lot of fun. Well done, and thanks for posting!

}}

It was!! Thank you!

*006*2018-02-21 23:15

{{4 hours ago, miss_mimi said:

Very nice!! you are courageous!!!

I wish I have this courage too... i really want to do it someday

}}

You can do it! Remember it was late, dark and nobody was around. Also my vehicle was a tall pickup truck. I was somewhat shielded. It was the thrill of being outside and the possibility of being seen that made it so exciting!!

*007*2018-02-21 23:19

{{3 hours ago, SaQra said:

I'm with miss_mimi on this one, how can anyone be brave enough to do this? Congrats!

}}

You can do it too! Just pick an area with few people. You’ll love it! I’m really not all that brave, I just pick my surroundings carefully.

*009*2018-02-24 15:26

{{2 hours ago, wetguyy10 said:

Sometimes I pee myself a little as I'm unlocking the front door lol

}}

That sounds like fun! Thanks for sharing!

*012*2018-02-26 18:58

{{3 hours ago, PattyPee said:

Congratulations to you! I don't know if I dare to pee myself in public. You're wonderful!

}}

Thanks! I bet you could! Just pick your place carefully.

*014*2018-02-27 19:01

{{On 2/25/2018 at 9:21 PM, magic said:

Yes... just enough that you might get caught is what makes it so hot!!... i love that fear coming over me if someone sees me.....be near you truck or car... ;) just hop in ... if you must~

}}

So true, Magic! Great point about jumping in the car too!

{{1 hour ago, CarmenCD said:

Try once and see how it feels. I was really afraid at first too, but now I do it very often.

}}

Great advice, Carmen!

&&

*018*2018-03-03 05:26

{{On 2/27/2018 at 4:07 PM, sammilove said:

Can’t say I’ve ever had a public wetting on purpose. I think I’d be way to embarrassed to do it though. Anyways, good story.

}}

Thank you!

