My Second Adult Accident

Author: WetDave

*000*2016-11-05 20:35

I wrote last week about my first adult wetting accident, many years ago. Since then I've only had one other proper accidental wetting.

Many times I have wet myself intentionally, and have held with the intent of risking an accident, and had an accident as a result. Also, a few times I have accidentally leaked a bit to the point of leaving a noticeable wet patch. However, none of these (in my mind anyway) count as a genuine full-on wetting accident. However, last year I did in fact have another genuine, most unwanted and somewhat embarrassing wetting accident.

It was a Saturday. Around midday I had an appointment in the city. It was actually the other side of the city centre from where I live, so it was about two miles away. Usually I walk for any journey under about three miles so I intended to do the same this day, particularly as there would be nowhere convenient to park anyway.

Knowing that I would be out of the house for some time - the appointment would take about an hour, and the walk about half an hour each way - I made sure to empty my bladder before I set off. I had had a few coffees that morning so I knew that unless I set off empty I would be uncomfortably full when I got back.

I just dressed any how - an old-ish pair of blue jeans, shirt and shoes. As usual, at weekends and when wearing jeans, I did not bother with underwear. This was later to be my undoing.

I won't bore you with details of the appointment I had. It was a personal matter and I was seated in a discussion across a table with the other person in a house for nearly an hour. When it was completed, I got up to go, thanked my host and left. Unfortunately, when I got up, I became aware of an urge to pee which i hadn't much noticed while seated. I considered asking to use the bathroom, however, the circumstances were such that I would have felt slightly awkward to do so and my need, whilst pressing, was not desperate. It would only be a half-hour walk back and I was sure I could make it. If not, I could always stop half way, go into the shopping centre, and use the lavatories there. So no biggie, really.

Outside, and on the walk back, my need to go became increasingly urgent. Surprisingly, in just a few minutes I was becoming pretty desperate and I had to focus on holding it. It was manageable, but I had to concentrate on walking normally. However, over the next few minutes it didn't get any worse, and as I passed Waterstones I decided to go in and get a book I had been wanting to buy for some time. It would only take me five minutes, and I was sure an extra five minutes wouldn't make any difference.

In Waterstones, searching for the book, I found it increasingly difficult to stand still. I often find that when I stop walking, it becomes much harder to hold, and now this was definitely proving to be the case. I was actually fidgeting around quite a bit while I was looking for the book, not quite hopping from foot to foot but definitely continually transferring my weight from one foot to the other, making me move from side to side while I browsed the shelf. At this point, I started to become seriously concerned that I might not make it home without needing the bathroom. Still, I found the book quickly enough and went to pay.

Why is it always, that when you are in a hurry, the person in front of you in the queue always has some really complicated problem which takes ages to sort out? This was happening now. It was so infuriating! Why O why do people do this? I couldn't pay much attention to what was going on but I really, really, needed to pee and this idiot in front was waffling on and on about some shite.

There was no way I could stand without fidgeting about so I pretended to look at the books on display as a "cover" for me moving and fidgeting about in my desperation. I considered leaving my purchase and going home, but that would mean another trip back later on. I kept waiting, fidgeting about and trying not to leak.

Anyway, in the end the idiot in front finished and I paid for my book, they put it in a carrier bag for me(this was last year before the 5p bags charge law) and i left.

I rushed back as quick as I could. It was only a mile to go. I debated going into the shopping centre to use their lavatories but I didn't know where they were (I hate shopping so I almost never go in there) and I thought it would be quicker to go home than to search around for the shopping centre bogs.

It got harder and harder to hold it as I continued home. With less than half a mile to go, while waiting to cross a road, I suddenly lost it and pee started to spurt out. I quickly regained control but not before I could feel it trickling down my legs. Damn it - no underwear to contain the leak! I looked down and there was an obvious wet patch in my crotch and a wet line running down my left leg to the knee. It really showed in my rather faded old jeans. This was embarrassing - there were people everywhere, cars driving up the road that might see, and any of them might be people I know at work.

I positioned my carrier bag in front of me to try to conceal it, although I must have looked bloody stupid carrying it in front of me like that. I hurried home as fast as I could, focussing all my effort on not leaking any more. I got home with only one more minor dribble escaping.

As I opened the door I could feel my control starting to fail. I decided to just run for it to the downstairs bog and come back after to close and lock the door. But it was too late, before I could stop it it just started squirting uncontrollably into my jeans. All I could do was watch the rapidly spreading wetness in my jeans as the warm pee filled them, ran down my legs and puddled onto my nice hardwood floor.

I had to deal with the aftermath quickly, as this was the day my (adult) daughter was going to come home for a visit and she was due in an hour. I just slammed the door shut, pulled off my jeans, socks and shoes then, still wet and naked from the waist down, shoved my clothes into the washing machine on the superquick setting. I ran up into the shower and quickly washed myself down, put on another pair of jeans (with some briefs this time - nothing like shutting the stable door after the horse has legged it!), got the mop and bucket and cleaned up. By the time I'd done this, the washing was nearly finished so a cup of tea later I hung the now-washed jeans and socks with the other washing on the line and all the evidence of my shameful accident was gone.

Lessons learned. (1) Wear underwear, preferably briefs, if you think you might have to hold your pee for a while. (2) Wear darker clothes as well. Now when I see people in light coloured jeans etc. I always think that they must never have experienced an adult wetting accident themselves.

