Closest Call

Author: Wet_Guy

*000*2024-05-21 17:52

Hey, this my first time making a post like this but I thought I’d share. Hope y’all enjoy 🙂

First things first I’m a driver, collecting and delivering cars to people etc so I’m used to having to hold a little bit pretty regularly. Little did I know how dangerous the situation was gonna be today.

As I’m a driver I pretty much survive off caffeine, 2 cans of monster a day is the developing addiction at the minute. I’d got an hour journey back to work which turned into just shy of 2 hours due to a shit load of traffic on the motorway. Without realising this I had already demolished my first can of monster, what a big mistake that nearly turned out to be! Out of nowhere it hit me all at once and that was it. I needed to go asap. Fortunately I am starting to develop relatively good road knowledge so I knew I could take a detour round some country lanes to try and cut out the majority of the traffic. Unfortunately though, the back roads in question were as bumpy as could be, of course they would when I needed a smooth ride! That didn’t help my case in the slightest.

Now, I consider myself a fast (but somewhat safe) driver, but Jesus I don’t remember the last time I sent it that hard. I was struggling to concentrate on the road with me needing to go so bad. Either avoiding bumps and potholes or jamming my free hand against myself if there were some that were unavoidable. It started getting agonising and I was starting to panic. Especially as I still had multiple other runs to do and wet shorts wouldn’t have been ideal. Thankfully I knew the services weren’t far away so I put my foot down and did what I could to get there as quickly as possible.

As I pulled into the car park a huge wave hit me and I felt a spurt fly out of me and I froze. Thankfully work uniform is all black so nothing came through. I managed to regain enough control and concentration to park the car and collect my phone and vape. I jumped out of the car and bang, another spurt, a big one! I just looked down and saw a small stream roll out the bottom of my shorts onto my shoes.

Trying to act natural I power walked my way into the services and thankfully found an open cubicle. My god what a relief when I finally let go. My stream must’ve been going for a solid minute and the force it came out with was nearly powerful enough to crack the ceramic!

Once Niagara had finally stopped falling I assessed the damage. I good tennis ball sized wet patch on my black boxers. Thankfully nothing on my shorts though.

I can’t say I’ve ever been that desperate unless I wanted to be but the worrying part was the wet boxers and relief felt so damn good. I just can’t risk accidents at work!

Sorry it’s a pretty long read, hope everyone enjoyed!

*005*2024-05-27 09:42

{{On 5/24/2024 at 7:36 AM, slothmallow said:

Congrats on making it! So glad you didn't have to make the rest of your deliveries in obviously wet pants! ❤

Now that it's over, do you find it kind of exciting or was it just too unpleasant of an experience since you were at work?

}}

Bit of both really, if I wasn’t working it would’ve been more of a thrill 100% but was still a fun n slightly interesting challenge

{{On 5/25/2024 at 6:28 AM, BladderLad said:

Great account! Did you piss hard for a full minute??

}}

Pretty much yeah. As soon as I undid my belt it was coming and there was no stopping it 🤣

