Waiting for a Plumber - Three desperate girls

Author: WetandDripping

*000*2024-05-23 19:07

I left home at 18 to start my career. I moved a long way away from home and to a very expensive part of the country. Oxford. I work in quite a well paying profession but it still meant I had to live in a houseshare.

There was six of us in our house. Five Girls and One Guy, there was only one Bathroom which often meant a queue, me and the Guy who lived in the house had a shared love affair for Omo, once when I was quite drunk I came home, broke into the bathroom whilst he was showering and let's just say we both enjoyed the view.

One morning we woke up and found that the bathroom floor had become a swimming pool, The toilet seal had given way and water was pouring everywhere. This was at 7am and thats where our story begun.

It was a Sunny warm Summers morning and naturally I needed to have my morning Pee. I woke up at a 8/10, I left my room and two other girls (Shannon & Leah - Not their real names to protect their privacy) was gathered outside the toilet crossed legged. It was clear that the two of them needed to go more than me. Leah was wearing White cotton panties and a cute top, Shannon was a naked sleeper and she was just wearing her dressing gown, both clearly needing a wee and both very much turning me on.

We lived near a Place called Summertown, Leah had suggested going for a wee in the Garden but at this time of day the chance of being seen was quite high, whilst discussing this another of our housemates woke, Jade, and she was a 10/10 for desperation, we knew each morning that Jade would need a poo first thing and she was clearly struggling her clutching her crouch couldn't hide a wet spot and her flatulence a sign of a urgent need, she was panicking and took the option having a poo in the Garden.

That option didn't appeal to me as I saw the opportunity for some fun, I knew Shannon and Leah would never pee in the garden so I suggested we get a bus to the local coffee shop. They agreed hastely getting dressed.

We walked to the bus stop the departure screen showing 8 minutes to the next bus, two wiggly desperate girls I was a sight I was very much enjoying and my 8/10 was creeping up too, the bus finally arrived and the Backseats was the perfect place to tease the ladies further, both struggling with the vibrations. I knew that if we had walked it would be 6 minutes or so, but I suggested the bus because it had a diversion for roadworks, 20mins instead of the walk was perfect.

We got to town and found the coffee shop shut, disaster for the girls, perfect for me. We walked another 10mins to a friends house and they finally got to go.

*005*2024-05-28 16:29

{{4 hours ago, Sarah_UK said:

Thanks for the interesting story, and hello from someone who also used to rent in Summertown (along with various other parts of the city). I was fortunate enough not to ever have the issue of a broken toilet whilst renting, but certainly know the challenges of trying to discreetly enjoy omo activities when living in a shared house.

}}

No way @Sarah_UK

I love living in Summertown. So much to see and do.

To be fair I don't know if I just got lucky but shared housing was great for unexpected and genuine Omo experiences.

The times I'd be sat in the living room and a house mate would hurry in on the verge of redecorating her panties only to find the bathroom was engaged...it was very enjoyable.

