Pissed my black Levi's - Journey home from hell!

Author: Windows XPee

*000*2021-12-22 21:32

I just pissed my black jeans unable to make it home in time! Completely unplanned too.

What should have been a quick and easy commute home via 1 bus and a 20 minute journey, turned in to a 3 hr 2 bus journey with a surprise desperation thrown in during the first half of the commute.

In the end, I missed 3 busses in total and just got on the first one that came despite it only taking me half way home. I knew I could change busses at a half-way point, but I'd have to wait 30 mins for that connecting bus. Didn't seem like a problem, I was just getting impatient waiting at the bus station by my workplace.

That's when the desperation hit me - on the 1st bus. It was painful and quick to descend. I usually have to piss once I get home from work but never in work despite drinking 3+ drinks, 2 of which were warm today (which makes me pee quickly, usually). I wasn't really considering my need until it hit me out of nowhere at the usual time it would. Unfortunately I was still on the bus, but could feel the urgency immediately.

I was sitting there immediately having to grab myself through my jeans and shake my leg like a baby.

I got off and stood at this connecting bus stop. Initially I didn't fancy my chances holding it and knew I'd end up dribbling a bit at least. I had black jeans on though so new I'd be safe, but I wasn't completely sold on having a full on accident. I decided to go in to this pub near the bus stop. I'd been in there before, and although it looks quiet and sleepy from the outside, it's busy and full of drunk guys inside. A good place to go out too but a bit of a headache if you're by yourself.

I was hesitant to use the toilets in there but the desperation outweighed it. Of course I didn't actually get to go because there was lads in there joking and pissing about. The toilets were only small too so I didn't really get a look in. I just tried not to act too pissed off and decided to leave it and go back to the bus stop.

Once I got there, I started to panic. It was getting unbearable. I hadn't dribbled yet but I knew it was imminent. My bladder felt like a heavy balloon waiting to pop and I felt like it would be more than just a dribble when it eventually started leaking. I felt like I was gonna lose total control, all at once and sooner rather than later.

That's when I dribbled. I wasn't embarrassed or anything, I just felt happy and relieved. Usually that's when the urge would take a break and subside for a little bit. Not this time. It made it clear that it could go for a full piss, in my pants, right there and then. I had to make a split second decision. Did I want to piss myself and walk home or try and hold it until the bus comes? Then I remembered I'd have to hold it on the bus. I've not had many genuine accidents, especially as an adult, but I wasn't confident I'd be able to hold it on the bus.

I tracked the bus on the app you can get on your phone. I noticed the time and I still had 10 minutes left. I actually wanted to cry and a bit more forced its way out. I didn't care about wetting a little bit but I didn't want to do it all. Although, at that point, I was reconsidering that and was thinking about the fact that I had black jeans on, so essentially might have a free pass here. There's nowhere secluded enough to go so I knew if I was going to have to wee somewhere, I'd just have to do it in my pants and walk home instead.

5 mins left for this bus. Not long really, but felt like an eternity to me. The pressure and pain was building with each second. Seconds felt like minutes and minutes felt like hours. I could see that the bus was miles away. I could only feel like I was on the verge of peeing more, or peeing completely. I decided that I was just gonna have to walk home and piss myself along the way. I felt on the verge of screaming "FFS JUST FUCKING HOLD IT" but knew that involved drawing unwanted attention from any smokers standing outside that pub.

I knew though, that once I decided to wet myself, it would subside because I would be in control. That's what usually happens, and it's what happened this time.

Once I started walking down the road, it subsided completely. Being stationary at that stop definitely never helped and was the direct cause of my leakages, undoubtedly. I walked as far as one bus stop along the road, and of course my bus passed before I got there. I was definitely gonna wet myself now. No more options for me. I began to relax and in the desolate darkness, whispered to myself "do it slowly, don't flood your shoes". I didn't want to have to deal with that once I got home. I also knew that a quick burst would likely leave a lot of fresh wetness for a longer period of time, that would be visible to any cars that were regularly flying up and down the otherwise quiet country road.

At first, a long dribble. It ran down the inside of both of my legs, to my knees. I looked down to assess the damage and to my annoyance, the fresh wetness was more visible than I wanted it to be. More wet than when I'd do it in black trousers, at least. But I think it was the thin denim, maybe? Anyway, it wasn't drying in and when it eventually did it was still visible! Especially under the many, unavoidable streetlamps. This wasn't an issue until I got closer to my home, where I would still have to cross this busy intersection. Very embarrassing and that is NOT part of my kink.

I managed to find a nature trail and 'used' the bushes lol

*004*2021-12-24 21:36

{{On 12/23/2021 at 4:13 AM, BladderLad said:

Great account!! What colour underwear did you Have on?

}}

Always black

{{17 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Sounds like a good experience. Maybe not that good for you in the moment tho.

}}

Don't get me wrong, it definitely is if you're in to potentially showing strangers what you've done, but I'm not. I did initially choose my pants over some bushes, even as I had a few opportunities to relieve myself discretely, but I was ultimately surprised by how visible I felt the damage was to my jeans. I'm not sure if the many drivers I walked past and the people standing at one of the bus stops noticed, but I did notice a prolonged stare by one of those people.

Maybe I'm just paranoid because it's been years since I last did this and I'm no longer a care-free teenager.

*005*2021-12-24 21:42

{{22 hours ago, Layla647 said:

Thank you for sharing!!! Beautifully written.

It’s unfortunate you couldn’t enjoy it, but I did so...

At least some thing good came out of it.

}}

Thanks you! I often ramble so that's a surprise to receive that compliment. I knew somebody would enjoy it lol

