A sixth form accident

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-01-15 13:40

I've posted about some of my recent experiences and had some lovely responses so I thought it was time I shared some of my earlier experiences.

This one goes back to when I was in Sixth Form (post secondary school education at the secondary school for the non Brits) back home in Bristol.

I was in my second year of sixth form and had celebrated my 18th birthday a couple of months before this accident.

A few of us had been to the pub at lunch time and I'd had a couple of pints before my afternoon Sociology class.

I didn't have time to pee before class and held those beers in for the whole double lesson!

As soon as class was over I made a beeline for the loo.

I made it to a cubicle with no problem or so I thought! As I went to undo my zipper I realised there was a problem, it was jammed!

Try as I might I couldn't undo the zip and and couldn't pull my jeans down.

I started to panic, there was no other option but to get the bus home and deal with my jeans there, hopefully half an hour more would be fine.

Well, 20 minutes into the journey I was bursting, and I'd done a couple of spurts in my knickers, there was loads of traffic. I decided to get off the bus a couple of stops early and try to run home.

I literally stepped down off the bus as the floodgates opened and I wet myself completely, so much that my pale pink jeans were almost red!

The walk of shame home was incredibly embarrassing but as I turned the corner to my street there was worse to come!

My mum was talking to a couple of neighbours in the garden and they all saw me a confident 18 year old woman shuffling along like a toddler with soaking wet trousers.

My mum was actually quite understanding (after her initial shock) and even ran me a nice bath and made my favourite dinner to try and cheer me up.

She wasn't quite so understanding a few months later when she had to leave work collect me from Sixth Form after another accident but I'll tell that story another time.

*002*2025-01-15 14:20

{{2 minutes ago, Southside said:

I love your story. Your mom was very nice after your first accident.

When you had your accident it was really embarrassing, but when you look back, isn't it not a little bit exciting?

}}

I wasn't really into Omo then and I still don't like having accidents so remembering them isn't pleasant but knowing that other people enjoy hearing about my accidents helps me cope with them a little better.

*006*2025-01-16 09:34

{{9 hours ago, iknightly92 said:

Aww that must have been horrible. Do you think this may have led to your kink then?

}}

I don't think so.

Growing up I generally got negative reactions to my accidents when all I wanted was comforting and reassurance.

As I got a bit older I started watching videos of other people wetting themselves so I felt less alone.

I imagined myself in the dominant position and reacting with kindness and compassion towards the person who'd had an "accident".

That soon progressed to wetting on purpose, if I did it on purpose I was in control.

I think that's where the Omo kink comes in and the lifelong dislike of accidents.

*013*2025-01-19 06:52

{{18 hours ago, wetgarth said:

I supose the obvious question is:-

Do you now experience fun and enjoyment from deliberate wetting ?

}}

@wetgarth

I'm still fairly accident prone and hate it but I love wetting myself on purpose as long as nobody else knows.

