Class Desperation

Author: Will8724

*000*2020-02-23 23:07

A few weeks ago, I decided to try to double my daily water intake from 1.5L to 3L. For the most part, this did not have any major impacts on me, but I did have a couple failed holds stem from it. For the first one, I thought I would be able to hold through a 1h15m class but had to leave in the middle to pee. It was a bit annoying, but I didn't miss much of the lecture. Two days later, however, I obviously hadn't learned my lesson. I had to pee when I walked into a 3-hour physics lab. Once again, I thought I could not hold it, not heeding the warning from the class less than half its length. I sat down, and the TA started the lecture for the day. This lab had a longer than normal lecture, and about 15 minutes in, I was struggling to focus on what was presented. I also had such a big bulge that I had to unbutton my jeans. My belt was the only thing holding them up. 

Another 15 minutes pass, and if I don't get up and find a bathroom, I'm about to pee my pants. Even if I did have a wetting fetish, I would not want to have an accident in my smallest class because that would be morbidly embarrassing. I got up, told the TA I had to step out for a bit, and he said okay. Now I had to find the bathroom, as I had never peed in this building before. There was not one the way I came into the lab, so I went the other way down the hall. I almost missed it since the entrance was in a recess, but I fortunately didn't end up walking past it. I headed in and up to a urinal and peed for somewhere around 45-50 seconds. Not the longest pee I've ever taken, but all the ones longer than that have had weaker streams. With my bulge being peed out, I finally buttoned my jeans back up, redid my belt, and headed back to the lab.

*002*2020-03-18 02:12

{{On 3/16/2020 at 2:03 PM, Spectator9 said:

With practice you'll be able to time it so that you can stay through the class and then just barely make it to the mens room! You'll get the thrill and the sense of achievement without embarrassment.

}}

Unfortunately, no I won't. My college has suspended classes and moved online indefinitely due to the COVID-19 outbreak.

