Startled

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-09-27 16:07

I actually thought I wrote this up properly years ago. But when I was just updating my story index it turns out nope, I didn't.

Years ago I left work at the end of the day without peeing even though I did need to go to the toilet. This was the retail gig where you had to use the sketchy public shopping strip toilet after closing, in the dark. It wasn't an emergency or anything so it wasn't a particularly big deal at that point.

I drove over to a friend's house because we had made plans to hang out that night. He didn't live particularly close and by the time I got there I definitely needed to pee. Again, not worryingly badly, I'd have totally put off going for a while once I got inside had he been home. But he was not. His housemate wasn't either. The lights were off, the door locked, and no one answered my knocking.

This was back in the days when not everyone had a mobile phone, I did, he didn't, and I didn't have any way to contact him. So what do I do?

I sat and waited for a while. Then I started pacing laps of his veranda because I couldn't stand still. I could have just gone home, or more reasonably to a service station so I could empty my bladder. But I really didn't, and still don't, like doing that. I could have just kept pacing his front veranda and waited. But I was pretty much busting to wee and I didn't fancy doing that for God knows how long. I could have peed behind a bush in his yard. I eyed a few likely suspects off and I'd probably have ended up doing that except I had one last better option. I knew where the spare key was. Letting yourself into someone else's house is rude but I was an invited guest who was being kept waiting and I really didn't want to have to pee in a front garden.

I fished the key out from behind a loose brick and let myself in.

It's a bit unsettling being in a perfectly dark and still house you aren't intimately familiar with so that probably had me on edge a bit. I knew the way to the toilet so I headed there quick smart.

I opened the toilet door and turned the toilet light on. There was someone already standing in front of the toilet. Inches from me.

I'm not a big screamer normally. I fucking screamed. And simultaneously pissed my pants. My bladder had been preparing to let go anyway and running into someone in a house you were sure was empty is pretty frightening. Anyone could have done the same thing.

Once my heart stopped exploding I realised the "person" was Russell Crowe. Or more precisely it was a cardboard cutout of Russell Crowe that the housemate had staged there to scare my friend.

I borrowed their washing machine and watched TV wearing a towel. My friend came in half an hour later having forgotten we had arranged to hang out.

*004*2017-09-28 00:39

{{7 hours ago, Bisonwin said:

Well, the Russell Crowe cutout DID kinda work.

}}

It worked 100% better than the housemate probably anticipated! I recommend it as a prank if you are a little bit mean. :p

{{4 hours ago, WetDave said:

Are you sure he didn’t do it to scare YOU?

Did you tell him you peed?

}}

Nah. He wouldn't have expected me to the next person to use that bathroom. He didn't know I was going to come over that evening. I told my friend as soon as he walked in, not that I had a huge amount of choice wearing a towel and all. He told the housemate. I don't remember ever getting an apology now I think about it... I've told quite a few people in real life this story over the years. It's a really funny story even if you aren't into omo.

{{31 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I hope it wasn't too horrible an experience for you.

}}

If you mean wetting myself; not at all. :) It wasn't even embarrassing actually.

If you mean the couple of seconds of surprise panic; eh. Wouldn't want to do it again. But I got a funny story out of it! So swings and roundabouts.

*007*2017-09-28 02:54

{{2 minutes ago, derektor_2000 said:

A ScareCrowe?

Nice account of a cool accident, thanks for posting!

Peace,

Derek

}}

ScareCrowe. OMG. That is amazing. Why didn't I make that the title of the thread!

