By Far My Most Embarrassing Experience Yet

Author: warmwetjeans

*000*2017-09-07 07:39

So this just happened, like 20 minutes ago. I figured while I'm still horny from this mess, I'd write about it before I go pet the kitty about it. So I was just playing some video games in my room. I was playing with my friend, and we were talking via Skype. Well, I usually grab a bunch of snacks and soda with me, it's become a weekly ritual for me to do. I camp out in my room every week, pig out on chips and a 1 liter bottle of Sprite, and play GTA for a few hours. Well, I usually purposely wet myself 3 times a week in private, since my parents aren't always home, so it gives me time to wash my clothes without them knowing about my dirty kinks. The nights that I devote to playing video games, is not one of my wet nights. Why? My parents are home.

I was wearing a pink tank top and jean shorts tonight, for those really curious, I was wearing a light blue thong underneath. I had absolutely no intentions of peeing in my pants tonight. Spoiler alert- it happened. I was busy playing GTA for about two hours, and absent-mindedly sipping on the liter of Sprite really added up. Usually I take periodic bathroom breaks throughout my game-a-thons, but my girl friend and I were getting so intense into GTA, we didn't really stop to take any breaks. For those of you who play GTA, we were doing a bunch of stunt races to build up more money, and you know how addicting those are.

Anyways, I could feel the urge to pee creeping up the more and more I played for the first two hours. After the two hour period, though, that's when things really started to get edgy for my bladder. I had to cross my legs while playing, and my friend Emily, who was on Skype with me, noticed.

"You okay there Molly?"

"Err, well I need to pee, like, really bad, but I don't wanna pause the game."

"Just go pee! I won't move my car while you're gone," Emily told me. Like hell. This isn't the first time this has happened before, because she cheats. Anytime I get up to do something and she says she won't move her car, she always does, which makes her win the race.

"No way," I told her. "I know what you'll do."

"Fine, but I'll still beat you either way."

We had the race set to 5 laps, and we were only on lap 2. Towards the end of lap 3, I was groaning in pain.

"Molly! Just go take a piss!" Emily told me.

"No! We don't have that much left in the race anyways." I was flooding, though. I had to rest an elbow onto my crotch to feel some comfort and ease the pressure a little.

"Well, it's gonna be a double-whammy then," Emily said.

"What do you mean?"

"Not only will I beat you in this race, but you're also gonna pee yourself when I do!" She laughed hysterically. If only she knew about my fetish. I don't care about peeing myself, I enjoy it really, but I do care when other people see me pee. They judge you and laugh at you, and if you tell them that you enjoy it, well, that makes things worse. So it's best that no one even sees me pee, at all.

"Shut up," I groaned. Lap 5 began, and just as it did, I passed Emily in the race. As I raised both of my hands up in the air to let out a shout of triumph, my controller slipped out of my hand, so I had to catch it. Without even thinking, I uncrossed my legs so I could lean as I snatched the controller before it would hit the floor. I really wish I didn't get cocky. Since I wasn't putting pressure against my crotch, and I uncrossed my legs, I started to leak. It wasn't crazy or anything, just enough to make a very tiny patch against my jean-shorts. I let out a gasp and quickly crossed my legs, and tried to play it off cool, but Emily must have known something was up.

She laughed. "What, did you piss yourself already?"

My face got hot for a second. "What? No!"

"Well, I'm about to beat you, so maybe you should focus on the game."

Sure enough, she beat me fair and square. As she started telling me how much of a loser I was for losing against her, I stood up quickly. I wasn't even listening to her- I had one mission, and that was to get to my bathroom. I ran full barrels ahead, but I had to crouch down a little bit and hold onto my crotch so more wouldn't leak out. I got out of my room, into my hallway, when I saw my mom walk inside. I pounded on the door and begged my mom to let me in; it was an emergency.

"Molly, I'm really tired and I wanna go to bed! I'll be out in a minute, just wait in your room or something," she called out.

I groaned and went back into my room. I totally forgot I was still on a call with Emily. I looked around my room for something to pee inside. I decided to grab my trash can. It was a race against time at this point. I unbuttoned my shorts and pulled them down, and right when I was about to squat into the can, I heard Emily over Skype.

"Molly, what the hell are you doing?" She was in tears laughing. Embarrassed, I pulled up my shorts and yelled something that I can't even remember at Emily. I can't remember what I said, because in the middle of yelling at her, I was interrupted by the feeling of my blue panties being filled up with hot liquid, going through to the outside of my jean shorts, and dripping down my legs, onto my carpet. I gasped, and stared down in shock. The only thing I could think of doing was ending the call with Emily. I didn't want her to see me like this. I clicked END CALL, and tried to regain control of my bladder. Just before I could regain it, my mother's voice shocked me.

"Molly! What the hell?" I spun around, shocked, embarrassed, and getting more and more wet by the second. Quickly, I fumbled to grab ahold of my crotch, but it just sprayed in a bunch of directions. I didn't know what to do. My mother stared at me, wide-eyed. When she finally began speaking, I was already done doing my business in front of her.

"You...pissed yourself again...." She growled, slowly and quietly. "You are 20 years old.....you did this once before and you wet your bed....what do you have to say for yourself?"

I didn't know what to say. I stuttered before choking out "I really had to pee....I didn't mean to..."

"I've seen a few pairs of pants covered in piss turn up in the laundry, young lady. And they're yours. And guess who has to wash them? Me!"

Shit. I must have slipped a few times and forgot to throw my jeans in the washing machine.

"I don't know what's going on, but you better get this whole childish shit taken care of. You do childish shit, you get treated like a child. You are 20 years old. As long as you're living in my house, there won't be anymore wetting yourself going on. Got it?"

I mumbled a yes, and she told me to clean up, and that she didn't want to see me for the rest of the night.

Before anyone asks, I don't know what she means by I will get "treated like a child" if I get caught again. When I was a little girl, she used to spank me. I don't know if she's gonna do that, but if she lays a hand on me, I'll pay whatever extra money I have to, and live on campus at my college, and move out of my parents' house. I kind of doubt it, but I guess that's incentive for me to be careful for when I purposely pee my pants.

See, some people are very understanding if you have an accident, and empathize for you. Other people, like my bitch of a mom, will stop at nothing to make you feel like shit about it. My punishment is to do the entire laundry tomorrow, and then after it's done, wash my jean shorts. So before I logged onto this site, I had to shower, clean up the mess I made on my carpet, and text Emily. Right now my panties and my shorts are in a pile near my door. God damn.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

UPDATE: I was planning on hitting submit tomorrow morning, but I figured someone would want to hear about this. I got so horny after finishing typing this, I ended up deciding to jill this one off. I grabbed my shorts and panties, and the smell of all that piss really turned me on. I used my vibrator that I have hidden, and this was such an intense orgasm. It felt like everything just built up, and when I squirted, it started to go all over my bed, so I had to use my wet thong as a cover. I guess the humiliating experiences are the most intense to masturbate to.

*008*2017-09-15 06:48

{{6 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I want to enjoy your stories (I'm especially a sucker for jean shorts) but they're way too upsetting...

}}

If I didn't want people to enjoy them and wanted pity from people, believe me, I'd be asking for pity. By all means, enjoy my experiences I post on here. They are embarrassing, but I do take great enjoyment out of putting them on here. Plus, this community is very supportive which is why I post on here as well

*014*2018-02-28 23:31

{{20 hours ago, sammilove said:

Lovely story. I’m a huge Forza Motorsport fan. Sometimes I’ll intentionally do a really long race just so I’ll get desperate towards the end. When I do that I usually drink a bottle or two of water before I start. I know your struggle but I’ve always gave in and went to the bathroom. But I’m sure one of these times I won’t be so lucky haha.

}}

Sometimes I do it on purpose and don't give in! You should give it a try sometime! PM me!

