Drank enough to lose control

Author: WesternWets

*000*2016-06-12 08:39

So I'd be lying if I said this was my first wetting, or if it was the first time I even filmed myself wetting. But I've been blessed/cursed with very strong bladder muscles, mostly from holding it to avoid overuse of public restrooms when I was younger. Any wettings I've done have been prepared for, and almost never has it been enough to make me lose control. The few times I've been close to having a public accident I would make it last minute. But lately thanks to a few holds like this one and the assistance of alcohol, I've finally began to experience small lapses of strength.

I think I can say this was the first time I've had a legit accident in recent memory. I am a guy, so if that matters I'll mention that one more time. But otherwise I'm gonna keep this post gender-neutral so if you came here just for the sensational read, I hope you can enjoy it despite. I've noticed that beer, even just 1 or two, makes me have to seriously pee, and keep peeing. A few alcohol drinks will do this to me, I'll become a slave to the toilet. But beer hits me hardest when this happens. On this night I noticed there was a large can of yeungling in the fridge, so since I was in for the night I decided what the hell and drank it down.

I don't drink often but to get the full experience, I made a few extra mixed drinks and didn't use the bathroom even as the beer was hitting my bladder. To pass the time as I drank I watched Camp Takota, a movie which of course has a character drink to much and pee in her sleep. A few other jokes about peeing were made at Grace Helbig's expense, and it made the pressure much more intense. I was having to seriously fight every urge to just pee, since I'm only steps from my bathroom anyway if I wanted to make it there. But I kept crossing my legs and hopping around to hold it in.

By the time the characters in the movie were drinking and reminiscing about how the main character peed her bed back when she was 11 and on top bunk, I was really close to losing it. I only had been this desperate twice during the last few years, I finally got to experience the feeling of my bladder saying PEE PEE PEE and me just not letting it. It was quite exhilarating. Then the scene where she wakes up wet happened, and once it was over I paused and grabbed my phone. I was about to give up, holding was getting tiring and wouldn't work much longer, but I wanted to preserve what was about to happen.

I swear the instant this video begins, I let go. the flash pops on, I know it's going so I go myself, and it races out of me. A few seconds in the stain starts and I'm gasping from the feeling. It feels a lot better than it looks because it just runs all over me down there. I press down on myself to let the stain hit my shorts and spread more. My body stops to breathe every couple bursts, but after a few seconds I start peeing again and the cycle repeats. As soon as I felt I was empty, my ureters sent more down and I wanted to go ahead and let it out. And it felt fantastic.

Now of course being tipsy at this point, I recorded a little more of myself than I wanted, so this video was edited to only include the first half of the overall wetting, since I get a little daring and give the camera a closer, more-naked view of what's happening. If you want more, maybe I'll share an after video examining the full mess. I spend a lot of time just lurking here so I feel its my turn to contribute and share a burst of enjoyment I gave myself. All I ask is that this video stays on this forum. There's nothing identifying, just that I wish to keep this separate from my real life as I'm sure you probably would too.

%sooipeed.mp4

