Slow hold pt 2 - toilet denial starts now

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2023-01-03 19:47

The after effects of my thread Already leaking & filling up more - challenge my bladder 😉 last night were that I woke up bursting early this morning and dribbled on my way to the toilet. I haven't peed since then (I went back to sleep and didn't take a morning pee when I woke up). I just drank 3/4 of a large glass of water and I'm thinking instead of holding a huge volume like last night, I'll see how long I can last with a 6 or 7/10 urge and just keep denying myself the bathroom all day. I'll keep going about my day and drinking as normal so hopefully the desperation will just slowly sneak up on me 😈

I do have a meeting in 2 hours though so if I don't wet my pants by then I'll have to either decide to pee and pick this up after, or hold throughout my meeting😬

*005*2023-01-03 21:12

Hey guys, unfortunately may day picked way up and looks like I'm gonna have back to back meetings with important things to focus on so I'm no longer feeling the omo mood. I'll definitely pick this up some other time!

*007*2023-01-03 22:36

I'm done earlier than I expected! Ended up just being the one meeting for today. I was there for an hour and a half and had my water bottle so I can definitely feel a slight pleasant pressure in my bladder now. Nothing at all urgent yet, but that can be fixed😝

I'm thinking I'll have some tea as its a slight bladder irritant and should produce a more tingly desperation. How much should I have? water too?

*009*2023-01-03 22:42

I think my largest cup is about 14 ounces, just one for now? I liked the idea of replacing what I leak with a sip of water to keep the pressure in my bladder up, so I'll get a large glass of water too.

{{Just now, Wwtmyselfagain said:

I say both tea and water

}}

How much!

*011*2023-01-03 22:44

Now i gotta decide whether I'm gonna try putting my mattress protector in the dryer and hope the smell isnt left behind, or wear a pad again. Otherwise I'll have puddles on my carpet which is no good

{{1 minute ago, Seifer69 said:

It's going to be a wet night for you

}}

Oh for sure, and probably leaky later hehhe

*012*2023-01-03 22:46

I would say I'm up to a nice 5/10 now and I'm gonna go make that tea.

*013*2023-01-03 23:29

Well that was annoying, my roomate came into the kitchen while I was making my tea and I thought it would look really odd (maybe only from my omo mind but still) to go back to my room carrying a massive 16 oz mug of tea and a huge 16 oz glass of water lol, so I got stuck chatting with her in the kitchen until she left. I had half a glass of water while I was downstairs and I'm already getting reallllyyy squirmy when I'm standing up. Sitting down feels like about a 6/10 but I'm holding myself to not leak when I walk around

I'm wearing jeans, put in a pad, with blue full cut panties

*015*2023-01-03 23:31

Time to start the tea! My bed isn't protected though so I guess I'll just put some towels down? suggestions would actually be great on what to do for my mattress cuz last time I soaked myself

*017*2023-01-03 23:33

Definitely over-lemoned the tea lol, this is gonna be an insanely tingly hold from all that acid, my bladder's about to be so irritated 🤣

On the upside its very tasty and I've already had 1/3 of the mug!

*019*2023-01-03 23:36

I'm definitely gonna be more motivated to hold knowing my bed's not adequately protected but with the amount I'm drinking, and how badly I have to go, I'd say losing control eventual is pretty much inevitable haha.

Once I dry my mattress protector I would love to try going to sleep desperate! I never have and I think it would be fun

Tea is half done! I'm gonna go get a garbage bag to put under my sheet

*021*2023-01-03 23:38

Had my first very tiny leak on my way down to get the garbage bag, time for a sip to compensate

*024*2023-01-03 23:39

{{1 minute ago, Seifer69 said:

Perhaps you wet not on your bed?

}}

Yeah I have a hamper of clothes from travelling so I may soak that if need be, but I'm gonna try to hold as long as I can like @Mariomo suggested

