Wetting My Pants In The Rain

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-08-04 04:59

One day, last month, I walked from my house to a nearby bakery to buy a loaf of bread. It was a bit of a dreary day and there had been rain-showers off and on all morning. I waited for a pause in the rain, packed Toddler into her pram, and walked quickly to the bakery. Unfortunately I got stuck behind a couple of young women who wanted to know the ingredients of pretty much everything in the shop. It was a bit annoying really. Like, maybe just let the chick with the fussy toddler buy her loaf of bread and then go back to interrogating ingredients? Anyway, by the time I got the bread it was pouring rain outside. Great. Luckily Toddler's pram has a hood so she didn't get wet, and a basket under her seat so the bread would stay dry. But I was drenched thirty seconds after leaving the store. Like super-drenched. Bra and knickers drenched. It's a good thing that where I live doesn't get particularly cold even in the middle of winter.

I grumbled my way home in mild discomfort. Halfway there it occurred to me, "why not wet myself?" I was already soaked, and wearing black pants anyway, so why not? So I did. I've had a bit of practice wetting myself and had no trouble peeing as I walked. My bladder was probably only half full, I didn't need to go, so it only lasted for five seconds or thereabouts. My vulva and thighs were warmed briefly before the persistent rain cooled everything back down again.

It's not that interesting a story I'm afraid, but it reminded me of the first time I wet myself on purpose in the rain, which is a bit more interesting;

I think I was nineteen. I was working in a shop that sold knick-knacks in a kind of outdoor mall/ shopping precinct type place. The shop itself didn't have a loo but there was a council toilet about a two minute walk away. The way shifts there worked was one person would work from 9-5 and another would be a "lunch cover" who would come in from 11-2 primarily to give the first person time to eat and go to the toilet. I was always a bit nervous about working there alone and getting caught short so I didn't drink much if I was working the whole day. Which worked fine, never ran into any trouble. Sorry :P

One day it rained the whole day. We didn't get many customers. I wasn't looking forward to having to walk back to my car in the rain. I had to park about ten minutes away to get a space I could leave the car all day so I was obviously going to get saturated. But partway through the afternoon I realised that I could make lemonade out of meteorological lemons and wet my pants walking back to the car. I'd never wet myself on purpose in public before so it was a pretty exciting thought.

Obviously I was going to have to fill my bladder up though. I was concerned that if I wasn't busting my muscle would lock up and I wouldn't be able to actually let go. Even in private at that time I wasn't particularly good at deliberately peeing in my clothes.

There was a sink and a coffee mug in the storeroom so I drank a few mugs of water about an hour before closing to let the water have time to get to my bladder. I agonized a bit over how much to drink: I didn't want to not drink enough and not be able to wet myself after all, I was all geared up for it, but I also didn't want to drink too much and risk having an accident inside the store.

Luckily I got it about right. By five o'clock I had to go badly, but not so badly that I was in any real danger. I drank a last mug of water for luck and began locking up and shutting down the register. It took about fifteen minutes. I had trouble standing still shutting down the register and filing the days paperwork, it was lucky I didn't have a customer come in just before 5. But at last I secured the final lock and I was able to head home. And wet myself.

To my annoyance the rain had eased off a bit by this stage. I was still definitely going to get wet, soaked even, but it was going to take a few minutes rather than a few seconds. And I really wanted to pee now! Suddenly, maybe because of the rain, it was to the point where I thought it was possible my bladder might just let go on its own. Not that would have been a bad thing. There was no one around and I was wearing black slacks so it would have been hard to tell if they were wet.

Still, I hung on and started to walk toward my car. After a few minutes I decided that I had been sufficiently rained on, kind of, and I could let go. So I tried to relax. Nothing. Not even a dribble. I took shelter under the awning of a closed news-agency figuring that it's probably pretty hard to pee and walk at the same time and that i might have an easier time standing still. Nothing. Which was particularly maddening because I was genuinely completely desperate at this stage. I changed tactics and tried to force myself to pee. Nope. That didn't work either.

Since I was worried that I might start to draw attention just randomly standing under an awning for a closed shop I walked the rest of the way back to my car alternatively trying to relax my bladder and trying to force it. No dice. By the time I got back to my car it had all but stopped raining and I was about to explode. Except that I couldn't! I considered giving up on the whole pee-my-pants plan and driving home, or to the nearest service station to use their toilet, gross as it would definitely be. But I was fairly sure I would pee all over my car seat if I tried that. Which I in no way wanted to do.

So instead I just had to stand next to my car, in the rain, next to a moderately busy road with constant traffic, trying as hard as I could to wet myself.

It was a shock when it finally happened. A single short, hot, wet burst. I instinctively clamped my muscles shut and stopped peeing momentarily but I knew that once I'd started it was going to be easy to keep going. I relaxed and the pressure built deliciously for a few seconds before I finally burst, a scalding cascade down the inside my legs. Even though I was only a few meters from drivers as they passed by I very much doubt anyone could see what was happening in the darkness. I certainly hope not anyway! I didn't look down while I was actually peeing as I didn't want to draw attention in that direction. Afterward my pants were definitely wetter between my legs than the rain really should have made them, but there was really no way to tell that by eye.

I took off my shoes and sat on a picnic blanket to drive home.

*003*2017-08-04 14:23

{{9 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Awesome story. What kind of pants were you wearing for the longer story? If you don't mind me asking?

}}

Thanks! And no worries :) Just work-appropriate black pants. Much the same as the current-day story actually. We didn't have a uniform exactly, but the dress code was either black pants or a black skirt.

{{2 hours ago, ILikeBeingBad2 said:

Great story. There is nothing more soothing then to let go a nice warm pee while walking in a cool rain.

}}

Thank you :) I'll call it a "silver lining" type situation. Hilariously, I actually really don't like getting wet in general.

*009*2017-08-08 12:24

{{On 8/5/2017 at 5:31 AM, The Dark Wolf said:

Oh. That's a little ironic, most people would prefer getting wet to wetting themselves. But, they probably don't have any interest in omorashi!

}}

Well I'd still prefer getting rained on than wetting myself in front of anyone. But both those things aren't fun. :p

{{On 8/5/2017 at 6:15 AM, malegusher92 said:

One time i was going home late at night having to pee bad. I was walking home and it started downpouring. I had forgotten my umbrella so I got absolutely drenched. It was a bit chilly so the coldness made my urge to pee increase even more and at that point I just decided to let it go in my pants and i must say... It feels SO good peeing yourself when your cold and wet. Wow

}}

I know! Strongly recommend.

{{On 8/6/2017 at 1:25 AM, WetG/F said:

Only the Middle class English can be guaranteed to always carry a tartan picnic blanket in the car........I have one....I also have the picnic basket.

}}

Middle class colonials as well apparently! I don't carry the basket with me though. :) It never occurred to me that anyone might not have a tartan picnic blanket in their car. What if you unexpectedly want to sit on the grass somewhere? Or unexpectedly wet yourself. ;)

{{On 8/7/2017 at 1:13 AM, Toady567 said:

Great story! I remember those days of not being able to completely let go no matter how desperate I was. Now it comes so easy.

}}

Right? It's just a practice thing I guess.

{{On 8/7/2017 at 8:56 AM, Hurdyra said:

I really enjoyed your stories. Thanks.

}}

Thanks to you as well for saying so!

